mõisajärv	loc
tõruveri	loc
lammaslaht	loc
puustusjärv	loc
iherus	loc
valkare säär	loc
muda	loc
tääts	loc
piissoo	loc
valgeraba laugas	loc
kaats	loc
rooveri	loc
mägide	loc
rampsilaid	loc
puzupe	loc
rõigas	loc
ongassaar	loc
sikassaar	loc
kakerd	loc
keri	loc
kolajärv	loc
soeküla	loc
manilaid	loc
rehatne	loc
põdunete	loc
kalle veski pais	loc
sõmerpalau varesejärv	loc
kõrgessaar	loc
vagula	loc
vastse-roosa peräjärv	loc
kupjalaid	loc
koidula	loc
karula jaska	loc
lilli-anne	loc
mullu	loc
maran	loc
vasalemma	loc
tiilige	loc
võidujärv	loc
suur-asalaid	loc
astuvere	loc
sääla	loc
luutsna	loc
väikjärv	loc
ambla	loc
pärsama	loc
männik	loc
eisma	loc
anne	loc
võitra	loc
tinnikuru	loc
köstre	loc
rebasmäe	loc
kõtajärv	loc
külaase	loc
küünimõtsa	loc
vaia	loc
riidma	loc
pügar	loc
naelaveri	loc
mui	loc
korv	loc
kapra	loc
varõsjärvd	loc
suurerand	loc
punikveri	loc
plaan külajärv	loc
urge	loc
põgari-sasi	loc
kurna	loc
kallete	loc
süvalepp	loc
eesnurk	loc
suur kolmekivurahu	loc
kütt	loc
suur-härjamaa	loc
laibu laht	loc
rohirahu	loc
metsanurm	loc
kossa	loc
laiasaar	loc
võinete	loc
imma	loc
soontaga	loc
kivijärv	loc
hülgeed	loc
külasema	loc
obja	loc
haavistu	loc
kiresilm	loc
muri	loc
kooraste kõvvõrjärv	loc
essemäee	loc
kaasjärv	loc
kalmelaid	loc
eesküla	loc
olevikare	loc
turujärv	loc
pikkjärv	loc
saagjärv	loc
nepste	loc
kiiova	loc
rus	loc
kokõjür	loc
võrkrahu	loc
toovere	loc
loone	loc
järine	loc
tigane	loc
karsna	loc
pandiveri	loc
vastemõis	loc
partsi külajärv	loc
talila	loc
kõivsaar	loc
loime	loc
ratva	loc
ansumäe	loc
sojamaa	loc
nõgiaru	loc
jändja	loc
veinjärv	loc
ristilaiu abajas	loc
paljassaar laugas	loc
matsirand	loc
metste	loc
järveoja	loc
sõmerpalau	loc
väike-lähtru	loc
kuusalu	loc
vastsekivi	loc
munade rahu	loc
pihtla	loc
öötla	loc
ii juusa	loc
kärbu	loc
uuearu	loc
suurõsuu	loc
tigadu	loc
lehu	loc
anseküla	loc
lutja	loc
kirats	loc
väike-keep	loc
kanassaar	loc
sulaoja	loc
kalliveri	loc
tuulisild	loc
tihku väikejärv	loc
tiido	loc
joandu	loc
nakr	loc
lausma	loc
kivar	loc
pihlaspea	loc
välta	loc
saviorg	loc
kapp	loc
kremessova	loc
savioja suur-soojärv	loc
väheru	loc
järvere	loc
rumm	loc
koigu	loc
mit	loc
anulaid	loc
kiivi	loc
nelijärv vahejärv	loc
ridala	loc
lemmjõgi	loc
hariu	loc
pasilaid	loc
aidu-sooküla	loc
ristilaiu abajas	loc
tulijärv	loc
laup	loc
aravesite	loc
nigle	loc
kõpp	loc
keila-juga	loc
kaliküla	loc
järlepp	loc
loodus	loc
kolep	loc
havijärv	loc
lüütsepä	loc
kurtna väike-linajärv	loc
kailuka	loc
varn	loc
suuga	loc
hinn	loc
adralaid	loc
nelijärv linajärv	loc
nohipalojärv	loc
hottejärv	loc
verev	loc
tupenurm	loc
kassilaas	loc
nikerjärv	loc
kiruvere	loc
vaidavere	loc
saarõpää	loc
kalm	loc
äps	loc
tokolop	loc
kriim	loc
kuksna	loc
stor-träske	loc
natturi	loc
olehkova	loc
tellanete	loc
kopp	loc
sasi	loc
mustjõgi	loc
arussaar	loc
1. asema	loc
indusäär kare	loc
soonlepp	loc
äntu valgjärv	loc
perila	loc
reastvere	loc
villamaa	loc
vohnja	loc
pangli karujärv	loc
kari	loc
rautina	loc
kiva	loc
major	loc
koitjärv kivijärv	loc
kaagu	loc
parasmägi	loc
arula	loc
põdramets	loc
vaiste põhjajärv	loc
sadramõtsa	loc
luhte	loc
sendekk	loc
sooküla	loc
lagu	loc
liivajärv	loc
tsopa kogrejärv	loc
jõelähtme	loc
voor	loc
rongu raba laugas	loc
kadila	loc
kitsõ	loc
priipalau	loc
riim	loc
klooster	loc
tõnuküla	loc
rõngu raba laugas	loc
alapea	loc
voki-tamm	loc
vooreküla	loc
ikla	loc
üvarjärv	loc
pank laht	loc
täps	loc
randveri	loc
vana-kuunete	loc
orarahu	loc
karijärv	loc
reeküla	loc
luhde	loc
tännapere	loc
leis	loc
laad	loc
kõvaküla	loc
rutja	loc
toomalõugas	loc
imutlaaru	loc
luulupe	loc
mustamets	loc
leistu	loc
horosuu	loc
metsarg	loc
kare	loc
taevaskoda	loc
hatsikõ	loc
kuritne veskijärv	loc
vorst	loc
minalgi	loc
väike-tjuka	loc
nõmmküla	loc
retsnik	loc
maramaa	loc
kaarepere	loc
haeskarahu	loc
tuhkrijärv	loc
pähkla	loc
adriska	loc
singa	loc
assalaid	loc
valing	loc
raegma	loc
kämara	loc
parila	loc
kurtna suurjärv	loc
palomets	loc
kõlunõmm	loc
storstaingruni	loc
viidas	loc
bergron	loc
saulep	loc
vilussaar	loc
vahekari	loc
kööbe lõugas	loc
kalijärv	loc
kapp	loc
sändorträske	loc
kast rannajärv	loc
raudsepä	loc
ädara	loc
lambarahu	loc
jaani	loc
holstre kullijärv	loc
vahakulm	loc
kolmekivirahud	loc
põldalune laht	loc
kurisoo	loc
kurejärv	loc
holsta	loc
otiküla	loc
suur järlepp	loc
raasikk	loc
saks	loc
vennat	loc
tsolgo kõverjärv	loc
els	loc
turb	loc
peenjärv	loc
neeru orajärv	loc
raubats	loc
orikalaid	loc
krass	loc
aamne	loc
matapera	loc
kellamägi väikejärv	loc
pajumaa	loc
lähe	loc
madal	loc
sinilaugas	loc
anne kanal	loc
kabala	loc
nõmmine	loc
sviby	loc
pikklaid	loc
hassalaid	loc
sageveri	loc
vööla meri	loc
kull	loc
saaremõis	loc
tsolgo mustjärv	loc
verioramõis	loc
näripea karid	loc
kaanjärv	loc
väike mutijärv	loc
kasemets	loc
urita	loc
amm	loc
ellamaa	loc
urumari	loc
torma	loc
rõhk umbjärv	loc
väike-niinsaar	loc
veetka	loc
loodevahe laht	loc
urita raba laugas	loc
järv	loc
järs	loc
larv	loc
saarjõgi	loc
kandla	loc
salutõnn	loc
sika	loc
krooks	loc
otsesu	loc
kuivarahud	loc
ontika	loc
laukasoo suurlaugas	loc
illurma	loc
issad	loc
lahesaar	loc
kuningaküla	loc
mutemets	loc
ots	loc
vaopere	loc
tondirahu	loc
pening	loc
kiruma	loc
tikkjärv	loc
roograhu	loc
kulpjärv	loc
kebajaed	loc
kotre laht	loc
tääglova	loc
pool	loc
aula-vintr	loc
kooväli	loc
loodi	loc
rahumeri	loc
ähijärv	loc
kuiaru	loc
põldalune	loc
kaer	loc
massiaru	loc
oominete	loc
partsaar	loc
rälby	loc
pätsulaugas	loc
pangalaht	loc
nargö	loc
kergats	loc
aruvald	loc
ulassaar	loc
nõbu	loc
vesitükk	loc
kuigel kogrejärv	loc
karilats	loc
parksepp	loc
lill tjukö	loc
partsi	loc
tanijärv	loc
räbijärv	loc
raotu	loc
pühai	loc
krupp	loc
aasukallas	loc
lammik	loc
ruhja	loc
kaagjärv	loc
turg	loc
pudurahu	loc
ortumäe	loc
nootjärv	loc
kihlepp	loc
kabin	loc
linsänketräske	loc
kurema	loc
ravila	loc
härm	loc
oorgu	loc
karks	loc
pedejärv	loc
luusika	loc
salajõgi	loc
tobra	loc
misso	loc
vissulaid	loc
võrkerahu	loc
vadi	loc
kuivajõgi	loc
haimre	loc
endla	loc
laitne	loc
maht	loc
pannijärv	loc
kamarna	loc
tuulemägi	loc
laev	loc
väike-kooraste	loc
kureveri	loc
eerene	loc
viisk	loc
jõemõis	loc
aheru raudjärv	loc
suur uljaste	loc
ulaskova	loc
kirila	loc
umbsoo	loc
sulustvere	loc
väike-virn	loc
järinete	loc
kaarmine	loc
hummul järv	loc
subs	loc
vilidu	loc
teotall laht	loc
viitina karijärv	loc
seanina	loc
toots	loc
ruusmets	loc
essemäe linnajärv	loc
tsopa	loc
kops	loc
tõnissaar	loc
suur kasvandulump	loc
lahe	loc
karula linajärv	loc
väike-prangli	loc
valgemets	loc
logina	loc
väänikveri	loc
misso palujärv	loc
soomõoru	loc
seljajärv	loc
sillamägi	loc
palamuld	loc
asva	loc
punasekivi rahu	loc
kooginete	loc
väitjärv	loc
luinete	loc
2. tamminete mõis	loc
hannijärv	loc
juhaniniidü lump	loc
raaduvere	loc
illuka	loc
ülejõgi	loc
saust	loc
tõõranete	loc
prangli karujärv	loc
patanete	loc
vällamäe keskjärv	loc
väike võrtsjärv	loc
hübja	loc
kuuliska	loc
koplitagune	loc
mõrdu	loc
vetla	loc
laiuseväli	loc
võiard	loc
jäneda mõis tiikd	loc
idina	loc
allikots	loc
laanemägi	loc
nigu laht	loc
virve	loc
kubi vähkjärv	loc
võrkla	loc
raudlugud	loc
soomets	loc
kirdalu	loc
uht	loc
juss suurjärv	loc
jauni	loc
epra	loc
koips	loc
sõtke	loc
pilbas	loc
tuulova	loc
asema	loc
koib	loc
vesner	loc
kosova	loc
lahetagune	loc
umblu	loc
luhasuu mustjärv	loc
peressaar	loc
kiikla	loc
lepiksaar	loc
kuulja	loc
tulejärv	loc
pale	loc
paelaid	loc
vaemla	loc
viims	loc
tiklasõ	loc
suure-veerksu	loc
isakõnd	loc
kivi	loc
kreo väikejärv	loc
tessova	loc
kundrune	loc
kõverlaid	loc
tall	loc
vanalne	loc
trepimägi	loc
oid	loc
kahuts	loc
ojajärv	loc
tamsalu	loc
kurgla	loc
lõpp	loc
medaljärv	loc
araveri	loc
abjak	loc
saxby	loc
kiissa	loc
tuder	loc
alest karjäärijärv	loc
koeraveri	loc
suur-nõmmküla	loc
räimi	loc
abur	loc
langendlaugas	loc
kõu	loc
undu laht	loc
kaunispe	loc
jaanimägi	loc
katre laht	loc
mädajärv	loc
levi	loc
suur katel	loc
jämedasarv	loc
munaderahu	loc
lasinurm	loc
sakla	loc
kuremaa	loc
alasoo	loc
käärik	loc
latikalaid	loc
saueauk	loc
assaku	loc
laugga	loc
säkna	loc
karula ruusmäe	loc
petaalune	loc
lammastejärv	loc
purmemaa	loc
soemõis	loc
maru	loc
samblajärv	loc
heedu	loc
rogasi	loc
rätla	loc
tuatne	loc
vanade	loc
lossiküla	loc
suik	loc
kõõru	loc
münt	loc
kärbla	loc
teer	loc
illi	loc
tsooru	loc
telmen	loc
odinete	loc
kotkaabajas	loc
tirbilõpp	loc
konnalaan	loc
vihmjärv	loc
nõmmejärv	loc
prand allikas	loc
alekere	loc
suur viitina	loc
mullu laht	loc
murinete	loc
naelalaht	loc
peresi umbjärv	loc
lihtenstini	loc
pedel	loc
ähijärv vahejärv	loc
muti umbjärv	loc
valipe	loc
skoggruni	loc
pikajärv	loc
kasselaht	loc
palasi	loc
trei	loc
alliklepp	loc
soeva	loc
kärdu	loc
ala-mahtja	loc
piibe	loc
holma	loc
päidla	loc
osmussaar	loc
paatsa	loc
hoostelaid	loc
väike-urve	loc
pajuveski	loc
kotr laht	loc
1. jõuküla	loc
ala	loc
piila	loc
rooküla	loc
asukas	loc
juss	loc
laur	loc
mäe-palo	loc
raassild	loc
pärnu	loc
adila	loc
lemmakõnd	loc
lins	loc
punamägi	loc
akkal	loc
suur kirjakjärv	loc
väike soojärv	loc
ping	loc
ertsma	loc
kabel	loc
ruskavere nõmmejärv	loc
bobrova	loc
mölder	loc
tagamets	loc
mäenõmm	loc
leev mustjärv	loc
kaaratautsa	loc
auveri	loc
kokanurk	loc
mihklirahu	loc
varesmets	loc
peseti	loc
humal	loc
idaots	loc
rohusi	loc
suur pedre	loc
tõivere	loc
kõrtsjärv	loc
aalup	loc
kaiu	loc
supa	loc
võõbu pühajärv	loc
paidra	loc
roosisaar	loc
hullo	loc
illiklaid	loc
poks	loc
kudna	loc
kehtna-nurm	loc
kündja	loc
visnapuu	loc
linaleojärv	loc
kootsjärv	loc
mallika	loc
silmkare	loc
kolga	loc
vasiklaid	loc
haljava	loc
aidu-liiv	loc
paadenurm	loc
moku	loc
ölbäck	loc
uisk pank	loc
kõrvenurk soojärv	loc
austla	loc
kogrõ	loc
peern	loc
orgjärv	loc
karula linnajärv	loc
tammessaar	loc
möldre	loc
lipstu	loc
jalane	loc
viisk samblajärv	loc
karjatnurm	loc
põlula kõverjärv	loc
pibar	loc
plaan perajärv	loc
kuura kogrõjärv	loc
himmanete	loc
vilusi	loc
määrasto raba laugas	loc
suurkari	loc
kuusik	loc
äigrumäe	loc
tõnsu	loc
hop	loc
ämmukste	loc
rauskapalu	loc
raadiveri	loc
raespa	loc
plaan valgejärv	loc
sunnansanken	loc
mereäärne	loc
muhumaa	loc
veneküla	loc
niinsaar	loc
hiieveski paisjärv	loc
mura lõpp	loc
siimika	loc
sirga	loc
räätsma	loc
piilu	loc
kolts	loc
espre	loc
pedaslaugas	loc
kiri	loc
peitlemäe	loc
vak	loc
meelva	loc
rammusaar laht	loc
äntu vahejärv	loc
manniva	loc
mäuste	loc
maaslova	loc
teine	loc
kirjakujärv	loc
soska	loc
emmaste	loc
förby	loc
kaaruka	loc
kirep	loc
kalv	loc
saarine	loc
kadja	loc
koolja	loc
kirikumägi linajärv	loc
korijärv	loc
leebik	loc
vagu	loc
saastna	loc
linn	loc
kogõrjärv	loc
tartussaar tagajärv	loc
paeküla	loc
ramm	loc
pedejä	loc
otepää valgjärv	loc
sirgu	loc
laeste	loc
vagu	loc
viht	loc
õvanurm	loc
väike kikkajärv	loc
orajõgi	loc
suure-lähtru	loc
vaiste umbjärv	loc
valga	loc
illusaar laht	loc
elda	loc
padau	loc
stor vike	loc
põhjalaid	loc
vahelaugas	loc
võhme	loc
emmuvere	loc
riinurahu	loc
pöitne	loc
tõlinõmm	loc
naadsaku	loc
vintse	loc
kiia	loc
tõrenurm	loc
tepulaht	loc
ani	loc
perätsjärv	loc
sisalik	loc
püha andrune	loc
mazais baltinz	loc
koldamäe	loc
ligur	loc
tsirks	loc
sandra	loc
tollar	loc
kalbu	loc
suur asema	loc
peedo	loc
kärstna	loc
jõeküla	loc
terep	loc
kootra	loc
taheva	loc
kipastu	loc
hanikats	loc
lutikas savijärv	loc
liimala	loc
erastvere linajärv	loc
poksa	loc
haeska	loc
laimjalg	loc
lasila	loc
vällamäe perajärv	loc
meeganete	loc
väimela mäejärv	loc
leegu	loc
korela	loc
tõug	loc
tõhela	loc
tsutsu	loc
kõrkveri	loc
vod	loc
lust	loc
saareots	loc
kurtna kastjärv	loc
pärgi lump	loc
valkare	loc
pärsikivi	loc
taugepää soo	loc
must-jaala	loc
lihlträske	loc
pärst väikejärv	loc
nõmmoja kalajärv	loc
kõrune	loc
muti	loc
arumägi	loc
kalvre	loc
paliküla	loc
saudikjärv	loc
rave	loc
savioja	loc
linnus	loc
ridaküla	loc
piipsemäe	loc
ala-suhka	loc
tuulna	loc
roodni	loc
tõrma	loc
kanep palujärv	loc
urbuksejärv	loc
partsi kõrdsijärv	loc
salusaar	loc
pärst	loc
tilguta	loc
lüllemäe	loc
liva	loc
nohipalo soojärv	loc
suur umbjärv	loc
tiidu-väikejärv	loc
kaevandu	loc
tõdu	loc
tür	loc
suur-tulpe	loc
arujõgi	loc
lutikajärv	loc
harjumaa	loc
võllas	loc
nurme	loc
oosäär	loc
ara	loc
vullikrunn	loc
müürijärv	loc
isand	loc
põhi	loc
läp	loc
joonune	loc
tarvasjõgi	loc
salajõgi	loc
metstaga	loc
sapp	loc
kadakas pank	loc
metsaväli	loc
vaivara	loc
määri	loc
nabud	loc
matsur	loc
paeboja	loc
harklaid i	loc
maeru	loc
pikämäe	loc
kõrvetagune	loc
jäneda allikajärv	loc
ruilaid	loc
hiiesoo suurlaugas	loc
meenikunnu keskmäne suujärv	loc
vaidava	loc
väike virn	loc
jädivere	loc
martna	loc
sonn	loc
saag	loc
kurtna väike linajärv	loc
non	loc
ader	loc
pühakari	loc
elva väikejärv	loc
väike mäeräima	loc
võrgurahu	loc
kunsu	loc
paabu	loc
hulja	loc
alunete	loc
sääsekõrv	loc
kauks	loc
loobu	loc
põldealune	loc
odulemma	loc
uska	loc
tsirgumäe	loc
sakk	loc
praakel	loc
imutlaid	loc
paloveer	loc
laoküla	loc
sipelgas linajärv	loc
vasikalaid	loc
trumbipalau mudajärv	loc
kesklahe	loc
kura laht	loc
oandu	loc
karla	loc
moisekats	loc
tartusaar	loc
topu	loc
üsne	loc
vidri	loc
põhja-malusi	loc
tammese	loc
madis	loc
umbsaar	loc
tust	loc
sutlepp	loc
paenasti	loc
valguta	loc
tuul	loc
leevijõgi	loc
laos valgjärv	loc
ladu	loc
arju	loc
kurgjärv	loc
litu	loc
saalune kõrtsijärv	loc
pisike kaanda	loc
koigu kogrõjärv	loc
porijõgi	loc
lilla hamne	loc
luutsnik	loc
piigand kogrõjärv	loc
kivi-vigala	loc
kiviõli	loc
parika väikejärv	loc
vaiste	loc
udrikulaid	loc
uhtju	loc
koplijärv	loc
tuderna	loc
siksälä	loc
tarupedajas	loc
kallukse mägid	loc
oolaid	loc
vedu	loc
viljakse	loc
metsaveri	loc
kahala	loc
kublits	loc
püss	loc
mokra	loc
jääv	loc
aoveri	loc
kullamägi	loc
nõva	loc
valkla	loc
reheselg	loc
kirts	loc
langerma	loc
noorma	loc
rist	loc
kuivarahu	loc
jõudga	loc
vihkla	loc
linda kolhoos kalatiikd	loc
kadastik	loc
palojür	loc
hämkott	loc
eamets	loc
neeru tagajärv	loc
suur marujärv	loc
kiini	loc
palade	loc
viiruste	loc
kobra	loc
varbla	loc
viigjärv peräjärv	loc
karol	loc
raatvere	loc
rõusa	loc
karune	loc
nedremaa	loc
aenga laht	loc
ketner	loc
kostiveri	loc
pisike nihujärv	loc
helenurm	loc
koseveski	loc
vanik	loc
antsurahu	loc
kõrbjärv	loc
and	loc
tiskre	loc
viinakoda	loc
tamm	loc
pikknurm	loc
lääneots	loc
kõrveküla kernu	loc
välg	loc
podu	loc
vatsküla	loc
rangela laht	loc
viisuküla	loc
orav mõisajärv	loc
neeru	loc
tamula	loc
reinevere	loc
oonurme	loc
aabr	loc
jõõpre	loc
aardla	loc
võõpsu	loc
mõtsavaar	loc
alajõgi	loc
pikalomp	loc
verg	loc
selgjärv	loc
joosu savijärv	loc
kerguta	loc
kotland	loc
laimadal	loc
niitsikk paisjärv	loc
mehama	loc
neeru mägid	loc
kastjas	loc
vahelaid	loc
liivarahu	loc
rookne	loc
liigukste	loc
porg	loc
timpre kogrejärv	loc
piirsalu	loc
aruküla mädajärve	loc
rahu	loc
kadõni	loc
küünimets	loc
argikare	loc
allikajärv	loc
sind	loc
tsiistre	loc
mõega	loc
selinete	loc
paluta	loc
pank pank	loc
tabna	loc
tsolgo	loc
palmse	loc
eassalu	loc
palandulump	loc
ruhijärv	loc
undva	loc
pels	loc
kogr	loc
suure-jaan	loc
ninane	loc
mäeräima	loc
sepakare	loc
auksaar	loc
kõinastu lee	loc
sagad	loc
eerik	loc
vihtra	loc
lobi	loc
hargla	loc
holdre	loc
kirikuvald	loc
soome	loc
väike loosalu	loc
laasme	loc
paimala	loc
lausikne ii	loc
mutsu	loc
nasja	loc
kukka i rahu	loc
nõvajärv	loc
iska	loc
mannare	loc
tants	loc
puskku	loc
kaarnajärv	loc
ruserahu	loc
taadikvere	loc
jaanika	loc
järtsaar	loc
mägine	loc
koogimägi	loc
viidumägi	loc
virtsjärv	loc
saate	loc
vestla	loc
pärnjärv	loc
kalmetjärv	loc
atsalam	loc
lükkä	loc
jaam	loc
paadla laht	loc
hiiumaa	loc
väike-nõmmküla	loc
külitne	loc
albu	loc
rampe	loc
munalaid	loc
mallavere	loc
roomassaare	loc
villakveri	loc
härjanurm	loc
tala	loc
kurn	loc
maiori	loc
engle	loc
tahkuna suurjärv	loc
2. jõuküla	loc
põlme	loc
valasti	loc
järvesild	loc
seltsõ	loc
vätta	loc
koigi pitkjärv	loc
lausikne i	loc
paasküla	loc
kaerasoo	loc
pahavald	loc
jaanijärv	loc
vägev	loc
kuremägi	loc
papisild	loc
restu	loc
vaibla	loc
pahuvere	loc
aimla	loc
kelp	loc
välunete	loc
kullijärv	loc
nõlvasoo	loc
kliima	loc
koloreino edejärv	loc
mustlaugas	loc
vääna-jõesuu	loc
kuudeküla	loc
keinastu	loc
keskküla	loc
suurrahu	loc
vaist umbjärv	loc
mäeküla	loc
viluveri	loc
tsolgo pikkjärv	loc
rohenne	loc
vintr	loc
hail	loc
tsirguliina	loc
pikasild	loc
punaküla	loc
käärd	loc
mäksa	loc
metsalaas	loc
pede	loc
mäe-tilk	loc
majakas	loc
tiidujärv	loc
malla	loc
ohtla	loc
ida-viru	loc
marojärv	loc
pedane	loc
lõupõld	loc
kivijärv	loc
lems	loc
jõempa	loc
lidva	loc
kokskär	loc
vissulaid	loc
leivajõgi	loc
rahnik	loc
tsitre	loc
hülgelaid	loc
tsiirul	loc
kands	loc
nuuter	loc
kajumeri	loc
oola	loc
keldu	loc
laasikne	loc
räim	loc
padojärv	loc
kangrujärv	loc
kurelaas	loc
paslepp	loc
lõpemeri	loc
kamal	loc
maantee	loc
kautsjärv	loc
juss linajärv	loc
riisipere	loc
sirts	loc
häälijärv	loc
metstuba ümarjärv	loc
põdrang	loc
abajas	loc
kuuralõpp	loc
järn	loc
sõõru mägid	loc
krüüdner kogrejärv	loc
annikvere	loc
juks	loc
lääne	loc
leppsild ännijärv	loc
soosalu	loc
are	loc
soojärv	loc
alu-metsküla	loc
holvant kivijärv	loc
kutsala	loc
hobulaid	loc
kõllupõhi	loc
mäekaar	loc
kallemägi	loc
ahula	loc
liivaküngas	loc
rasv	loc
kõren	loc
saagr	loc
kurgja	loc
kõver väikejärv	loc
jaanipeebu	loc
kalporo	loc
trolla	loc
luts	loc
järvesoo laugas	loc
neem	loc
savikott	loc
haapsalu	loc
laedemäealune	loc
sinikael	loc
arinete	loc
peraküla allikajärv	loc
võrusoo	loc
niit	loc
eesjärv	loc
uhmardu	loc
kaatsjärv	loc
ristijärv	loc
sutlema	loc
kaard	loc
härjakare	loc
puskumadal	loc
punso	loc
leigr	loc
1. kantjalg	loc
pedaspea	loc
vaht	loc
luassoo	loc
tils pikkjärv	loc
torm	loc
varesejärv	loc
püger	loc
kolpna	loc
ando	loc
soitsejärv	loc
aavilaid	loc
kastolats	loc
kasispea	loc
kolga-aabla	loc
ulgulaht	loc
sõrandu	loc
pajualune	loc
väikejärv	loc
metsalaugas	loc
koikla	loc
pausakunnu	loc
anutakse laugasjärv	loc
virma	loc
muuks	loc
viruküla	loc
rokkna	loc
võidivere	loc
nooska	loc
lein	loc
väänel	loc
tauks	loc
sin	loc
rehujärv	loc
tahk	loc
kimalasõ	loc
juu	loc
ozerka	loc
põhtjärv	loc
saabas kare	loc
kauss	loc
sigala	loc
sirgjärv	loc
aknajärv	loc
ingküla	loc
kubja	loc
muuga	loc
änniksaar	loc
rätsep	loc
tõndre	loc
viisireiu	loc
sõdaalonõ	loc
siiksaar	loc
põrk	loc
lante	loc
vähilo	loc
listaku suujärv	loc
kalitsa	loc
peraküla	loc
viljandimaa	loc
alakärakk	loc
kanasaar	loc
pikaveri	loc
lüllelaht	loc
pammana	loc
leigar	loc
paldiski	loc
metstuba mudajärv	loc
ristimuru kogrijärv	loc
jaaniveski	loc
abja-paluoja	loc
aeljärv	loc
ida-virumaa	loc
emumägi	loc
tõrvajõgi	loc
ruirahu	loc
valgerahu	loc
kaukvere	loc
koitjärv	loc
leetne pank	loc
siniallikas	loc
tagajärv	loc
kabüne	loc
plees	loc
kärner	loc
määs	loc
arb	loc
haapne	loc
kunnaland	loc
kõver väikujärv	loc
tiitsa	loc
kalajärv	loc
keeni	loc
pihelpuu auk	loc
org	loc
bergsby	loc
mutsna	loc
varnja	loc
kõpsta	loc
felsland	loc
kõrgepalau	loc
rohussaar mustjärv	loc
rohi	loc
rootsik	loc
pamma	loc
ikujärv	loc
kantküla	loc
kuppjärv	loc
kivisild linajärv	loc
mustmätas	loc
edivere	loc
ulje	loc
korp	loc
kurtna liivjärv	loc
piisna	loc
korgõsild sulg	loc
elujärv	loc
jaala	loc
nohipalo	loc
vanaveski allikajärv	loc
puiga	loc
murika	loc
ümarjärv	loc
sinikjärv	loc
keelva	loc
vendine	loc
uhtna	loc
nõmm mudajärv	loc
hurt	loc
mujanete	loc
kuressaar	loc
lokuti	loc
2. tammik mõis	loc
meenikunnu suur	loc
ämmassaar haugjärv	loc
ahja	loc
neolaid	loc
mellinete	loc
malts	loc
kitsas	loc
männik karjäär	loc
lautna	loc
kobra	loc
väike rauba	loc
silmarahu	loc
meeks	loc
kaatermu	loc
kruusmets	loc
lääne-virumaa	loc
taavet	loc
purtse	loc
ahnejärv	loc
mustassaar	loc
tõre	loc
männik väikejärv	loc
tuhalaas	loc
kodijärv kivijärv	loc
kavaru	loc
jõgisse	loc
navest	loc
näkijärv	loc
krigul	loc
mikta	loc
lähtne	loc
paljarahu	loc
uusküla	loc
holmirahu	loc
pöörits	loc
bjärgronne	loc
lemuvere	loc
tüütsmäe	loc
kontso	loc
saaparahu	loc
leetva	loc
kajaka-pikklaugas	loc
kärmu	loc
inglinete	loc
kärrslätt	loc
väljaküla	loc
väike-pungerja	loc
siiksaar laht	loc
heistesoo	loc
põltsamaa	loc
valgu	loc
savilööv	loc
veda	loc
kaevussaar	loc
sild	loc
kauks linnajärv	loc
karala salujärv	loc
vees	loc
kaub	loc
nõel	loc
paist	loc
vedernika	loc
köönaauk	loc
nadasi	loc
reegold	loc
mäeluguga	loc
orgmets	loc
väikesilm	loc
karula ahnejärv	loc
pannjärv	loc
rumba	loc
riuma	loc
väljatagune	loc
kabelimets	loc
rohusaar	loc
küläjärv	loc
päite	loc
veisejärv	loc
kastolats kolmjärv	loc
paju-kurdla	loc
telvemaa	loc
külmjärv	loc
mätja	loc
vokijärv	loc
ulkkari saar	loc
vastse-roosa	loc
praak	loc
kallaveri	loc
leedla	loc
maikne	loc
veia	loc
tresk	loc
põlula	loc
valgejõgi	loc
norsanken	loc
pahkla	loc
vilivald	loc
sadala	loc
pikru	loc
viskla	loc
akal	loc
vinn	loc
laukarahu	loc
sutlep	loc
kann	loc
tarupedäjä	loc
kadakalaid	loc
kalev	loc
nõbu karujärv	loc
rõka	loc
valgehobusemägi	loc
kedre	loc
sikeld	loc
ork linajärv	loc
hallimägi	loc
satsu	loc
keema suurjärv	loc
ael	loc
tammispää	loc
ihamaru palojärv	loc
lõu	loc
pütaljärv	loc
roorahu	loc
lellapere-nurm	loc
lihula	loc
hilleste	loc
kübassaar	loc
pulgoja	loc
vanaküla	loc
kuiksild	loc
metsik	loc
sargvere	loc
lillimõis	loc
lambasaar	loc
pugrits	loc
nootamaa	loc
peel	loc
wulfsgrund	loc
tallijärv	loc
aardlapalau	loc
suur viitna	loc
pikarei	loc
kraav	loc
imavere	loc
karula sibulajärv	loc
raela	loc
vana-vinn	loc
ämmulaid	loc
höbring	loc
abja-vanamõis	loc
räsna	loc
nõmmoja väikejärv	loc
kodurahu	loc
tsolgo annõ	loc
kristiine	loc
karjasoo	loc
soeginina pank	loc
väike pakasjärv	loc
roniveri	loc
naestejärv	loc
peramets	loc
laossina	loc
kuuljärv	loc
asalaid	loc
mugna	loc
kääbas palojärv	loc
koluta	loc
külmajärv	loc
paasrahu	loc
üldna	loc
vaher	loc
mustakivi	loc
koimla	loc
pass	loc
keressaar umbjärv	loc
uibo	loc
arg kare	loc
pööraveri	loc
suurviire	loc
väikene tiidujärv	loc
post	loc
kutskalomp	loc
merekülä	loc
utu	loc
lavats	loc
viinamart	loc
männikjärv	loc
arane	loc
vinsk	loc
koodu raba laugas	loc
nõmmjärv	loc
sahargu	loc
võide	loc
änn	loc
suurup pank	loc
kavand väikejärv	loc
melso	loc
oisu	loc
kasepere	loc
hager	loc
viirekare	loc
ruhve laid	loc
kinks	loc
kalmejärv	loc
hintsu	loc
nimeta silm	loc
paliveri	loc
kuinete	loc
külmläte lump	loc
põru	loc
ringuta	loc
lohkva	loc
kihme	loc
poldilaid i	loc
mõujärv	loc
immak	loc
kampsun	loc
vodijärv	loc
kirimägi	loc
kiisel	loc
anekäbrud	loc
kangrusselg	loc
väike-antsulaid	loc
mikila	loc
metskaev	loc
suur viirelaid	loc
esimene kaanjärv	loc
järva	loc
pidajärv	loc
põvva	loc
vaik	loc
ilmjärv	loc
kiuma	loc
laikari	loc
peetrimõis	loc
uulu	loc
soeots mustjärv	loc
ulv laugas	loc
osetsoo	loc
merine	loc
suur pank	loc
korijärv	loc
eoste	loc
kaselaug	loc
võru mustjärv	loc
päiks	loc
kivinõmm	loc
suujärv	loc
spithamn	loc
lipa	loc
looa	loc
noarootsi	loc
suur-rahula	loc
mõrdama raba laugas	loc
lapetukme	loc
kuldre	loc
lüügnitne umbjärv	loc
kiba	loc
sakud	loc
kasispea keskmine lood	loc
kõve lõugas	loc
nahk	loc
naelelaht	loc
peatskivi	loc
patika	loc
vistla	loc
kõrtsuots	loc
papsaare	loc
vaskjõgi	loc
tiil	loc
kakerdaja raba laugas	loc
lõvask	loc
2. võõpsu	loc
kopsujärv	loc
lettenholm	loc
talle	loc
rääkjärv	loc
mustakurmu	loc
nuger	loc
pimestik	loc
väike munamägi	loc
kugalepp	loc
mülkemägi	loc
väike tammik	loc
mõisanurm	loc
pohl	loc
sokulaid	loc
kooru	loc
loogamägi	loc
tsoll	loc
salaküla	loc
rihkama	loc
hirvli	loc
tuuljärv	loc
mikkel	loc
kaigas	loc
väike-kats	loc
kibuna	loc
mõks	loc
kangrumats	loc
viims pank	loc
pakr pank	loc
viirapalu	loc
haapsipea	loc
haavakivi	loc
sarapu	loc
ääsmägi	loc
pormeister	loc
kindakare	loc
suur pehmejärv	loc
viruveri	loc
meriküla pank	loc
ignasõ	loc
martiska	loc
lakesoo laugas	loc
haganete	loc
leego	loc
võiveri	loc
ermistu	loc
leevätt	loc
kudruküla	loc
väike-rake	loc
vaharu	loc
saunaküla	loc
väiku-keem	loc
kellamägi keskmine	loc
lajasaar	loc
mullaveri	loc
arvila	loc
vorms	loc
irboska	loc
kitsejärv	loc
savikoda	loc
bork	loc
antsla mõtskond	loc
korkuna	loc
leva	loc
langgronne	loc
suure-ahl	loc
varsarahu	loc
ahnõjärv	loc
tagaküla	loc
kuikel	loc
anikaitse pank	loc
metsanukk	loc
äks	loc
kärnjärv	loc
kika	loc
penijõgi	loc
pikklaug	loc
keibu	loc
ülde	loc
lomp	loc
eikla	loc
ahitsejärv	loc
lõiune	loc
vahetükk	loc
kolu	loc
koorküla valgjärv	loc
luukne	loc
lange	loc
tegova	loc
telve	loc
vana piiganete	loc
partsi mõisajärv	loc
kõldu	loc
tagakolga	loc
arula vahejärv	loc
palomets pikkjärv	loc
võhm	loc
suurlaht	loc
eeslaht	loc
mooru	loc
saarepeet	loc
nelijärv ahvenajärv	loc
lootvina tsõõrikjärv	loc
vana-koiola suujärv	loc
kuksema	loc
vana-vigala	loc
oro	loc
haaberst	loc
rannasitik	loc
kõola	loc
karitsa	loc
molo?va	loc
ansiauk	loc
paaburissa	loc
vallijärv	loc
kaugatoma	loc
oessaar	loc
lõbe	loc
mahtja	loc
allusaar	loc
ooklema	loc
mädalaht	loc
taabr	loc
murdõmäe	loc
vainu	loc
hark	loc
udriku väikejärv	loc
mõõlu	loc
väike-asalaid	loc
väike nõmmejärv	loc
sauväli	loc
soodom	loc
perjats	loc
poama	loc
küllisäär	loc
rahnoja	loc
kelving	loc
keskmine	loc
murakas raba laugas	loc
pilgune	loc
mõisaküla	loc
orejärv	loc
mudajärv	loc
salumägi	loc
ramps	loc
rahumägi	loc
pärnumaa	loc
väike-tulpe	loc
tohvr kogrõjärv	loc
prag	loc
massilaht	loc
pedets	loc
kerepäälne	loc
sam	loc
päidla ahvenjärv	loc
pühamägi laijärv	loc
pihlakalaid	loc
aavere	loc
haatasoo	loc
sorgholm	loc
panijärv	loc
metsakast	loc
sinikejärv	loc
tõuts	loc
kiisamaa	loc
ollikoda	loc
uugla	loc
vikipalau	loc
illiksaar	loc
varõsjärv	loc
kasispea väikelugud	loc
väike-suuremõis laht	loc
tagulaht	loc
konnajärv	loc
kütke	loc
kaldemägi	loc
külimitü	loc
lembeveri	loc
paatna	loc
rahunete	loc
kikkaoja	loc
laialepp laht	loc
kivitamm	loc
kellar	loc
tõdva	loc
visela	loc
paavelka	loc
püksijärv	loc
lindmets	loc
leibre	loc
kooraste pikkjärv	loc
pill	loc
rõssa	loc
paluott tsõõrikjärv	loc
nigu	loc
viilup	loc
jalukne	loc
kibena	loc
rääki	loc
mäessaar	loc
holstre linajärv	loc
alop	loc
kaarlimõis	loc
rahinge	loc
paklajärv	loc
vändra	loc
kakerdaja	loc
väike palujärv	loc
seasaar	loc
uue-irboska	loc
tiduvere	loc
kavilda	loc
kuussaarõ	loc
kriiva	loc
kollino	loc
võhmuta	loc
tirbitann	loc
siiksaar	loc
saks	loc
paisumaa	loc
jakobimõis	loc
köstrijärv	loc
särikjärv	loc
reinumurd	loc
pat?kovka	loc
vilama	loc
vassevere	loc
kiveslaid	loc
mäekivi	loc
assikvere	loc
salla	loc
tapupere	loc
koplipee lõugas	loc
harkujärv	loc
tsiamäe kõvvõrjärv	loc
tursk	loc
juss pikkjärv	loc
kornits	loc
kaitsemõis	loc
suur kaanda	loc
veesjärv	loc
tila	loc
hallinete	loc
arbu kare	loc
suur roolaid	loc
surva	loc
jõeäär	loc
hummul	loc
oore	loc
tuula	loc
luhassuu	loc
kilts	loc
harju-rist	loc
jõhv	loc
väike-tammik	loc
vehmerjärv	loc
kiirassaare	loc
pede	loc
kast	loc
kalenete	loc
toomõ	loc
limu	loc
lahk	loc
kurõ	loc
kolsk	loc
ullanete	loc
lüüsjärv	loc
põld	loc
kullaveri	loc
ojaküla	loc
palujür	loc
tükk	loc
kivilõpe	loc
mahtra mudajärv	loc
tartumaa	loc
käpla	loc
topano	loc
keraveri	loc
tartusaar tagajärv	loc
lutikas	loc
listaku soojärv	loc
kõmmaste	loc
lill rågö	loc
tihku	loc
suuresilm	loc
vaindlood	loc
väike uljaste	loc
keava raba laugas	loc
pint	loc
arukne	loc
lellapere	loc
kõrvernurk käpajärv	loc
neanurm	loc
preeksa soojärv	loc
paatküla	loc
valjalg	loc
konnumäe	loc
kukka	loc
mehikoorem umbjärv	loc
soulaht	loc
kumb	loc
uppholm	loc
alakonnu	loc
uibo mustjärv	loc
kautla mudajärv	loc
riidjärv	loc
kaarjärv	loc
ahunapalu	loc
vohisaar	loc
põder	loc
soodajärv	loc
jüriküla	loc
voka	loc
piibumägi	loc
veskijõgi	loc
vikk	loc
naistekivimaa	loc
triiki	loc
vohioja	loc
sesnik	loc
nelijärv sisalikujärv	loc
kellaveri	loc
suluputk	loc
saleveri	loc
võsivere	loc
koorla	loc
nasud	loc
alau tiikd	loc
kost	loc
kapussaar	loc
koigera	loc
vastsetare	loc
kivilaid	loc
pühameeste väikejärv	loc
purts	loc
vehend	loc
lasar	loc
laartsa	loc
ala	loc
ülemägi	loc
kulune	loc
laudissalu	loc
järvaküla	loc
prink	loc
perätjärv	loc
võrgurahud	loc
keep	loc
sel suurlaugas	loc
rukkiküla	loc
veadla	loc
kuiand	loc
talka	loc
vimbland	loc
viinakuajärv	loc
sundimets	loc
linds	loc
juminda	loc
väike kõrbjärv	loc
pärivere	loc
einlaid	loc
selg	loc
iila	loc
võistesaar	loc
kõutsilaid	loc
dirham	loc
koorveri	loc
lehetu	loc
kapajärv	loc
lepajõgi auk	loc
henno-pugula	loc
laug	loc
laanemets mustjärv	loc
savimägi	loc
kolmjärv	loc
palvere	loc
kurvitne	loc
rehemets	loc
tänavjärv	loc
viss	loc
ürjanete	loc
miianete	loc
raplamaa	loc
võmmorski	loc
aastajärv	loc
üügu pank	loc
upa	loc
mikil	loc
nõmmemaa	loc
tammistu	loc
belka	loc
liivasäär	loc
karg	loc
linnusitt	loc
väike järvi	loc
oleski	loc
paiküla	loc
hosby	loc
ama	loc
makkta	loc
seretsüvä	loc
alumine vaika	loc
peraküla mustjärv	loc
pilu	loc
vorstimägi	loc
1. kõnd	loc
sopimets	loc
ora	loc
lell	loc
vähelugud	loc
müüsler	loc
kuusikjärv	loc
nõmmemets	loc
nurk	loc
valtu	loc
kootsre	loc
budovi?i	loc
permisküla	loc
hõre	loc
kohtru	loc
väike haanja	loc
varpe	loc
vana-vorst	loc
kernu mädajärv	loc
kähu	loc
antkruva	loc
kehila	loc
viisjärv	loc
ind	loc
tuiu	loc
kõverik	loc
nõnova	loc
meriküla	loc
popovits	loc
nautne	loc
pajusi	loc
väike laht	loc
jür	loc
audru	loc
ristiväli	loc
eivere	loc
herjava	loc
mässa	loc
väike kaugjärv	loc
pühameeste pikkjärv	loc
tuhala	loc
tõitne	loc
kaave	loc
piiulaid	loc
tammemägi	loc
suru	loc
sätsuvere	loc
kaasikväli	loc
medrna laht	loc
kaabna	loc
passlepp	loc
odaläts	loc
piistaoja	loc
viisk kõverjärv	loc
kamarik	loc
pesujärv	loc
nasva	loc
äntu	loc
kasepää	loc
põrgujärv	loc
põrmujärv	loc
visust	loc
sõdaalune	loc
kikepera	loc
vellavere	loc
kaagjärv	loc
undama	loc
paukjärv	loc
kuigel	loc
käreveri	loc
jalus	loc
väike kolmekivirahu	loc
rässa	loc
mõtskond	loc
ihamaru palujärv	loc
timo mustjärv	loc
kõliküla	loc
saarejaak rahud	loc
engli	loc
kalme	loc
vanajarve	loc
kakrarahu	loc
tõravere	loc
aresi	loc
kavandu väikejärv	loc
paatsalu	loc
auaste	loc
muti umbjär	loc
vall	loc
pikre	loc
saka	loc
hannunete	loc
ratasjärv	loc
rohuküla	loc
punsa	loc
vööle meri	loc
järvselg	loc
tõug laugas	loc
mäestjärv	loc
jaaska	loc
üüdibe	loc
kivissaar	loc
ainejärv	loc
pruntova	loc
turbuneem	loc
kurenurm	loc
puspuri	loc
paistu	loc
keava	loc
apruk kare	loc
kaiavere	loc
suurmägid	loc
hirmukste	loc
mustoja	loc
väike-härjarahu	loc
karula savijärv	loc
kärssläti	loc
pitkanna	loc
rabaveri	loc
pulinete	loc
paternoster	loc
tõnumaa	loc
kitseküla	loc
kada	loc
pärnjõgi	loc
vanakubja	loc
üüvere	loc
tarakvere	loc
lakesoo märd	loc
räimaste	loc
vartaauk	loc
äidu	loc
hatik kogrõjärv	loc
koms	loc
halinga	loc
virosi	loc
põikveri lõpp	loc
kidanete	loc
kõrgelaid	loc
teilma	loc
eiste	loc
männik liivakärjäär	loc
sorgu	loc
kaude	loc
väike-sillaots	loc
kiireste	loc
saadjärv	loc
emumägi	loc
kuningas	loc
puhtaleib	loc
kellamees	loc
timpr kogrejärv	loc
kõms	loc
väike rebasejärv	loc
suur järvi	loc
leeder	loc
mikilä	loc
suurküla	loc
seline	loc
viimakse	loc
aasu	loc
mäsajärv	loc
suur kaksjärv	loc
ilmjärv	loc
saaremets	loc
võhme suurjärv	loc
ridasi	loc
jaamaküla	loc
paelama	loc
vankne	loc
teri	loc
vesi	loc
matsimägi pühajärv	loc
suutselaid	loc
väike pakane	loc
võidula	loc
lehmja	loc
semsk	loc
mee	loc
savastvere mustjärv	loc
riguld	loc
adrak	loc
pihanasv	loc
hane-kärbu	loc
heinlaid	loc
võsupere	loc
kungjärv	loc
kuningajärv	loc
sim	loc
nuutre	loc
tagajõgi	loc
virmalaid	loc
kävandu suurjärv	loc
lavatne	loc
kirgjärv	loc
tõmmik	loc
ivanete	loc
padura	loc
inn	loc
laanekuru	loc
ere	loc
kont	loc
separa	loc
umblugu	loc
puugi	loc
punasekivirahu	loc
punapea	loc
ristiküla	loc
patika mädajärv	loc
valkne	loc
ädu	loc
koljak	loc
vulligrunn	loc
krass	loc
lodi	loc
liikatk	loc
konuvere	loc
selgine	loc
õhne	loc
mikitamäe	loc
viitna pikkjärv	loc
järveots	loc
järvajõde	loc
jõepera	loc
skåtanäs	loc
keskveri	loc
sakussaar	loc
stenskär	loc
kalarahu	loc
raudsepp	loc
saunamets	loc
meremõis	loc
salinõmm	loc
kissa veehoidla	loc
vasta	loc
kullipank	loc
agusalu suurjärv	loc
laurisaar	loc
pehka	loc
lehmalaht	loc
lõpelaht	loc
roslep	loc
põrgu	loc
avanete	loc
tõrv	loc
sirku	loc
leev viinakuajärv	loc
pärlijõgi	loc
lavaõu	loc
kulja	loc
paaslepp	loc
vasalemma noorkalakasvatus	loc
vetik suurjärv	loc
pärnlaid	loc
kastna	loc
mäe-tilk kogrõjärv	loc
aadma	loc
piirijärv	loc
koov	loc
kulina	loc
laanemets	loc
timo	loc
kägu	loc
kõomäe	loc
lõuna-malusi	loc
saagrimäe	loc
hanemaa	loc
tsõõrikjärv	loc
sirguvere	loc
lauter	loc
endu laht	loc
türsamäe pank	loc
leemetikare	loc
väike kuimets	loc
vahujõgi	loc
pedajamägi	loc
laekvere	loc
gambyn	loc
paunaste	loc
kanajärv	loc
sookaer	loc
suur mikkel	loc
pugula	loc
rõõm	loc
umalalaid	loc
vatla	loc
karu	loc
kivimägi	loc
käku	loc
havilaid	loc
rebäne	loc
audla	loc
täkksaar	loc
liivoja	loc
lall suurlaugas	loc
kannuküla	loc
saku	loc
flyvae	loc
kuradimägi	loc
külajärv	loc
wulf	loc
ojasoo	loc
hiis	loc
varik	loc
mustakivilaid	loc
taguküla	loc
saanika	loc
lajassaarõ	loc
jaanune	loc
jõgisoo	loc
kõnnujärv	loc
männikujärv	loc
ritska	loc
meelaku	loc
kisõjärv	loc
annilaid	loc
laanemõtsa	loc
ohessaar pank	loc
luidja	loc
nenu	loc
moon	loc
kikr	loc
orav	loc
päide	loc
susitte	loc
paavõlka	loc
leeme	loc
ümarikujärv	loc
tikutaja	loc
putu	loc
adavere	loc
suur-apja	loc
kablaküla	loc
jahajärv	loc
põlde lõugas	loc
lilb	loc
unukne	loc
aruküla arujärv	loc
piir	loc
uusvada	loc
inju	loc
ähk vahejärv	loc
koorküla	loc
kindalaid	loc
kolodavits	loc
altja	loc
leikude	loc
allikjärv	loc
rõuge suurjärv	loc
läbiketer	loc
kaansoo	loc
udeva	loc
karaski	loc
uuemõis	loc
tehumart	loc
põldmaa	loc
kukepala	loc
räni	loc
sihva	loc
aakre	loc
kiisk	loc
petajärv	loc
vahekarid	loc
kõrgemägi	loc
suur munamägi	loc
salatse	loc
omedu	loc
kurene	loc
pereküla	loc
univeri	loc
kuasuu lump	loc
unguma	loc
pudiveri	loc
tagalaht	loc
näts	loc
vasla	loc
kukrune	loc
klistina	loc
männamaa	loc
kallõtõ	loc
palau	loc
merja	loc
kaal	loc
puusepp	loc
savaladmuma karstijärv	loc
koltne	loc
kõrvenurk	loc
leppsild sillaots	loc
valgamaa	loc
läkumätas	loc
vitsjärv	loc
tsilkuta	loc
kilingi-nõmm	loc
bäckesjoen	loc
voor umbjärv	loc
sutlepp laht	loc
sava	loc
linnusitamaa	loc
mark	loc
tari	loc
hirmuküla	loc
naistekivi maa	loc
käesla	loc
kokõmäe	loc
hendrikumõis	loc
odivere	loc
lootvina särgjärv	loc
drostenholm	loc
väiso	loc
leila	loc
boose suurjärv	loc
vaimõis	loc
pikevere	loc
konguta	loc
viitkäjärv	loc
kookla	loc
saalune orav	loc
aleksander	loc
asuküla	loc
penijärv	loc
viltina roolaht	loc
katr pank	loc
nurms	loc
liigalaskma	loc
taltjärv	loc
sõõri	loc
vahane	loc
kiriveri	loc
väike kooraste	loc
nõuni	loc
murakasoo laugas	loc
kori	loc
viinistu	loc
tutku	loc
holvant	loc
upholm	loc
vilaski	loc
hiiessaar	loc
alajärv	loc
kiviküla	loc
viitasoo	loc
paal	loc
rahujärv	loc
mukr	loc
tohvr kogrejärv	loc
väikene mäestjärv	loc
tidrik	loc
kõljalg	loc
mehde	loc
verijärv	loc
koigi ümmargune	loc
saarlasõ	loc
mustvesi	loc
vill	loc
laanemaa	loc
pööriots	loc
kurla	loc
uljastjärv	loc
helmes mustjärv	loc
haugjärv	loc
käpämäe land	loc
valanete	loc
kerema	loc
tahkuna	loc
saulepp	loc
taevere	loc
kuuselaid	loc
kääri	loc
kupp	loc
stor-tjuka	loc
kostirand	loc
säl	loc
voogamaa	loc
prähnu	loc
veriora	loc
abajaloik	loc
karjane	loc
katku	loc
talljärv	loc
jaska	loc
korsk	loc
kabrinete	loc
andineem	loc
kivilugu	loc
norra	loc
võõla meri	loc
toods	loc
nabra	loc
lint	loc
lilu	loc
urvanete	loc
pärlijõgi	loc
turvaste järveots	loc
haagi lõugas	loc
malev	loc
karisild	loc
täkumets	loc
väike viitna	loc
kallis äijärv	loc
karula kogrejärv	loc
linnaka	loc
änn linajärv	loc
kuningukste	loc
jaanimõis	loc
alatskivi	loc
nõmmeveski	loc
pardikael	loc
haugas	loc
laagna	loc
vana-jõgeva	loc
umnasv	loc
piusa	loc
piirivarbe	loc
kiidjärv	loc
tännassilm	loc
reolasoo	loc
läti	loc
hammaste	loc
väike-toatne	loc
hino	loc
villevere	loc
koese	loc
põhja-tallinna	loc
aeng	loc
kamarusjärv	loc
koolma	loc
tikepera	loc
sadamalaid	loc
kärde	loc
saaremaa	loc
seanina nasv	loc
valkkare	loc
alva	loc
aastejärv	loc
karjaküla	loc
kukejärv	loc
nurkjärv	loc
väike mullu laht	loc
maapera	loc
pidula	loc
rõsna	loc
rake	loc
saaremägi	loc
paralepetsa	loc
loosalu	loc
aser	loc
ussimägi	loc
kärinä	loc
väike-rõsna	loc
ummaru	loc
sepajõgi	loc
tams	loc
puine	loc
pikajärv	loc
vaimastveri	loc
koitjärv raba laugas	loc
kavat	loc
ähijärv kogrõjärv	loc
tähejärv	loc
plaan	loc
hakk	loc
rõuge valgjärv	loc
laatre	loc
suur kongojärv	loc
mikle	loc
suur-tjuka	loc
tari	loc
lombimaa	loc
andresjärv	loc
elbiku	loc
rebaski	loc
ramö	loc
etsanete	loc
valistre	loc
vabamats	loc
pudisoo	loc
andja	loc
kellämäe	loc
ojamaa	loc
sauaru	loc
eidapere	loc
koke	loc
pihelpuuauk	loc
saarjärv	loc
preeksa suurjärv	loc
orgune	loc
suursilm	loc
and	loc
pääväkese	loc
keedika	loc
mändneem	loc
seljamets	loc
lugune	loc
võivaku	loc
parika	loc
kolvik	loc
kunila	loc
konnapere	loc
kõriska	loc
laiaküla	loc
noodasjärv	loc
sangelaid	loc
kalta	loc
hanilaid	loc
öakne	loc
uku	loc
sootagune	loc
2. asema	loc
kirikumägi kõrbjärv	loc
aarna	loc
morna	loc
püha	loc
aukjärv	loc
kanep vähkjärv	loc
undimäe	loc
väike kungjärv	loc
nursipalu varõsjärv	loc
liinamäe	loc
lepik	loc
katai	loc
laukesoo laugas	loc
rebasemõis	loc
tikkta	loc
pedja	loc
tsiamäe	loc
üksnurm	loc
kloogarand	loc
uljaste saarjärv	loc
süld	loc
ätte	loc
viitina alajärv	loc
kaisa	loc
loodi suurjärv	loc
voorepera	loc
tedremägi	loc
võilaid	loc
nihu mädajärv	loc
liiva	loc
paljassaar	loc
svenskbyträske	loc
ruhve	loc
orajärv	loc
väike-mura lõpp	loc
kammeri	loc
kõlb	loc
edine	loc
koks	loc
raagi	loc
piiganete	loc
hirmune	loc
ristissoo	loc
väike palojärv	loc
oossaar	loc
lusikajärv	loc
tumalaid	loc
lasnamäe karjäär	loc
jaanekjärv	loc
suur kõrbjärv	loc
voorepalau	loc
lii	loc
tooma suur linajärv	loc
alans	loc
suur mullu laht	loc
bodän	loc
väikene linnajärv	loc
linsänketräske nõmmküla linaleojärv	loc
rohe	loc
saluora	loc
mäetilk	loc
karste	loc
mõrtsukas	loc
särgla	loc
raigu	loc
karjatne meri	loc
paijärv	loc
rohukarid	loc
vohilaid	loc
alupere	loc
peetra	loc
kärla	loc
põhja-uhtju	loc
lubjaahi	loc
santov	loc
silligrunn	loc
varudi-altküla	loc
rammusaar	loc
võipere	loc
annõ	loc
söödi	loc
õunaku	loc
ivaski	loc
mäeltne	loc
kaarlijärv	loc
nurtu-nõlv	loc
haanja	loc
paganamaa mudajärv	loc
laaneots	loc
pühadekare i	loc
letipea	loc
orgemäe	loc
keskmine vaika	loc
vaikla	loc
siniküla	loc
pariisi	loc
põhjakas	loc
suur kalajärv	loc
ikepera	loc
parm	loc
pahapill	loc
tialasõ	loc
järveots	loc
kuigõ	loc
jäävä	loc
rausvere	loc
saula	loc
nurs	loc
partsi neitsijärv	loc
heltermaa	loc
kirumpää	loc
ruusjärv	loc
tihemets	loc
neemi	loc
lihlhamne	loc
rägaveri	loc
samma	loc
hälvatt	loc
raudjõgi	loc
suur vetik	loc
varbevere	loc
salujärv	loc
rõngu mädajärv	loc
sandisuu	loc
avispea	loc
eerma	loc
uue-saalune	loc
tõru	loc
kokle	loc
pikkrahu	loc
purku	loc
aheru haugjärv	loc
soldna	loc
ermakova	loc
munalaskme	loc
parapalau	loc
tallinna	loc
kahkva	loc
talvike	loc
luikjärv	loc
jõgeva	loc
soosild	loc
tõld	loc
vihavu	loc
kook	loc
nigula vanajärv	loc
säre	loc
vaaksaarõ	loc
ohessaar	loc
mägialune	loc
ridalepp	loc
pallika	loc
koostra	loc
väike roolaid	loc
võruküla	loc
kärsu	loc
muhukare	loc
haavapea palujärv	loc
soolaht	loc
pless	loc
liisilaid	loc
sormul	loc
päraküla	loc
kaliu	loc
imutlaoru	loc
küllätüvä	loc
klippa	loc
volt	loc
harm	loc
teorehi	loc
nabralaid	loc
suuremõis laht	loc
aranküla	loc
erala	loc
pundsu	loc
kodijärv	loc
moor	loc
elva väike	loc
kohtla-nõmm	loc
meemaste	loc
emmu	loc
äteniid	loc
ader	loc
vihasoo	loc
koit	loc
jänistvere	loc
tapurla karid	loc
porss	loc
kastijärv	loc
persåker	loc
mäetagune	loc
suur linnamägi	loc
palupera	loc
pullevere	loc
tudulinn	loc
valtu-nurm	loc
eerikvere	loc
sinalepp	loc
tammuna	loc
lilli	loc
põima	loc
haamanete	loc
saalune alajärv	loc
ellakvere	loc
säässaar	loc
mudanete	loc
kurgna	loc
hati tagajärv	loc
rasna arujärv	loc
koher	loc
lülle	loc
tõramaa	loc
litvina	loc
viitina järvekülä	loc
kilomani	loc
sari	loc
linnusaar raba laugas	loc
silmsi	loc
sudinete	loc
leppneem	loc
kükita	loc
lohk	loc
igaveri	loc
tundu	loc
kallane	loc
malda	loc
unsajärv	loc
jäneda kalijärv	loc
pikk	loc
metsalõugas	loc
vilkla	loc
sipa	loc
vaivina	loc
kõnnujõgi	loc
lav	loc
oht	loc
järveküla	loc
rangu	loc
levala	loc
kubjama säär	loc
uudeküla	loc
mik	loc
tilla	loc
märjant	loc
vana-otepää	loc
nav albr	loc
puhkova	loc
kiksova	loc
virts	loc
keema ora	loc
saikla	loc
tan	loc
moorits	loc
köstrimägi	loc
leiso	loc
essemäe linajärv	loc
millasanken	loc
väiko-serga	loc
kasispea suurlugud	loc
ümmargune	loc
jõelepp	loc
säreveri	loc
vällamäe külajärv	loc
keerba	loc
sikakurmu	loc
peipsi	loc
käesalu	loc
roobimaa	loc
väike-roograhu	loc
hiiessoo suurlaugas	loc
tsilkuta väikejärv	loc
ormsö	loc
kõigunete	loc
luuska	loc
presnikov	loc
arand	loc
türi-alliku	loc
kõbajalaid	loc
nonn	loc
kangst	loc
hurmi	loc
tiirhanna	loc
tabasalu	loc
kogu	loc
väljaots	loc
kavõld	loc
kävandu väikejärv	loc
tõrvaauk	loc
loe	loc
hertu	loc
salda	loc
utra lump	loc
1. eidapere	loc
soekõrdsi	loc
annikoru	loc
pikkmets	loc
kõverik	loc
puujalg	loc
lootvina	loc
leevatt	loc
müürik	loc
kirikuviik	loc
kirikulaht	loc
kakralaid	loc
ohulepp	loc
peeda	loc
keema orajärv	loc
paatre	loc
piusa	loc
mätas kari	loc
soomevere	loc
pumbuta	loc
ristisoo	loc
mälinete	loc
mikel	loc
tõll	loc
vulkare	loc
lõilasmaa	loc
roodeväli	loc
järvekülä	loc
laasi	loc
räb	loc
kogrijärv	loc
järveselg	loc
telder nasv	loc
höbring	loc
pala	loc
mägiots	loc
tuplova	loc
päidla uibujärv	loc
metsapere	loc
kurtna haugjärv	loc
prääma	loc
aegviidu	loc
missokülä	loc
käärme laht	loc
litsmets	loc
seira	loc
soonde	loc
matk	loc
vahva	loc
marinova	loc
rakvere	loc
pikkjärv	loc
viru-jaagup	loc
suur rahu	loc
võõpste	loc
angerjas	loc
suur-ulkkari saar	loc
vissuvere	loc
hülgepank	loc
hino mustjärv	loc
mäiste	loc
võisikk	loc
päärdu	loc
rusulaiu nasv	loc
hiiemägi	loc
apandik	loc
suurejõgi	loc
rasivere	loc
ivanete savijärv	loc
pööriotsalaid	loc
krii	loc
raeküla	loc
igrine	loc
võpolsova	loc
kodesmaa	loc
roja abajas	loc
mann	loc
pakanete	loc
hilana	loc
laurimäe	loc
poka	loc
väike elva	loc
plaan mudajärv	loc
kaagvere	loc
rõuge kõrbjärv	loc
kadiküla	loc
väike tiidujärv	loc
vila	loc
ahelid	loc
nina	loc
rooslepp	loc
härjad	loc
uulutilaid	loc
prillimägi	loc
pädanete	loc
värska	loc
mällikvere	loc
poanne	loc
ehmja	loc
kõrvenurk käpajärv	loc
kattga	loc
sibulajärv	loc
paope	loc
süsijärv	loc
tabivere	loc
tõreska	loc
hall	loc
suureps	loc
väike sind	loc
võrumõis mustjärv	loc
loodna	loc
1. sootaga	loc
tapurla	loc
ruusa	loc
kihmjärv	loc
jäärja järveots	loc
kõinastu	loc
narva	loc
kihujärv	loc
peetsu kaanjärv	loc
kodasema	loc
kändra	loc
pääsna	loc
harakajärv	loc
uljaste	loc
ahtme	loc
lõbembe	loc
savimägi	loc
kirveslaid	loc
liten-tjuka	loc
piskumadal	loc
allikalaht	loc
raanits	loc
kutnik	loc
näkijärv päidla suurjärv	loc
vanaveski	loc
väike saarjärv	loc
sonda	loc
nõlvassoo	loc
vahejärv	loc
keer	loc
nurste	loc
reopalau	loc
karujärv	loc
tahula	loc
miilimägi	loc
padakõrb	loc
rahenete	loc
madaljärv	loc
roobas	loc
väike kalajärv	loc
lambasaba	loc
kaksjärv	loc
ahvenjärv	loc
kakumägi	loc
udriku mädajärv	loc
issak	loc
sakurg	loc
kahro	loc
salamaa	loc
tinu	loc
kaats kogrejärv	loc
varinurm	loc
ebaveri	loc
kuivajõgi	loc
unipihk	loc
tori	loc
männikukste	loc
ulv laugasjärv	loc
türje	loc
erja	loc
vihasoo väikelugud	loc
nurtu	loc
hindu	loc
sults	loc
rambi rahu	loc
kurtna nõmmejärv	loc
hiieväli	loc
ratassaar	loc
perajärv	loc
kiska	loc
norrby	loc
tündre	loc
käomart laht	loc
vana-vastseliina	loc
raugilaid	loc
kalle	loc
metsaäär	loc
rimm	loc
kangur	loc
näär	loc
pihlalaid	loc
pado	loc
rambirahu	loc
kõrglaid	loc
suur udrikjärv	loc
esimene	loc
lümandu	loc
pautsjärv	loc
velna	loc
atjalaid	loc
piira	loc
põlgaste	loc
õvi	loc
pitskele	loc
pühadekare	loc
tobrajärv	loc
rassikk	loc
paunküla	loc
järvi pikklaugas	loc
päri	loc
kapu	loc
mõtsu	loc
libatne	loc
nitsikk	loc
harklaid ii	loc
kallas	loc
võrumaa	loc
viliveri	loc
viitna	loc
seapill	loc
raad	loc
aasumets	loc
karba	loc
ülenurm	loc
sauveri	loc
kamar veskijärv	loc
koll	loc
uutsu	loc
prand	loc
karirahu	loc
riivik	loc
lepanete	loc
puusaku	loc
kansijärv	loc
arasoo	loc
pärss	loc
taar	loc
suurdemets	loc
lohja	loc
aliserahu	loc
mura ps	loc
kalma	loc
rups	loc
läsna	loc
vihterpalu	loc
parks	loc
kuijõde	loc
ulila turbakarjäärd	loc
apteekrimägi	loc
kild	loc
leipste	loc
äidu-kaanjärv	loc
väike kaanjärv	loc
vandjalg	loc
aespa	loc
tuuka	loc
lihl-träske	loc
kikkajärv	loc
lest	loc
pühamägi väikejärv	loc
peratjärv	loc
mustajõgi	loc
lõilasmäe	loc
aherjärv	loc
nahe mädajärv	loc
toomika	loc
määrästü soo laugas	loc
väike-ulkkari	loc
pari	loc
tahkr	loc
kesu	loc
vinso	loc
lammaslaid	loc
nõva veskijärv	loc
liusvere	loc
luke	loc
korgõmäe	loc
laidevahe	loc
rebäsejärv	loc
vutt	loc
sohlu	loc
kudani	loc
karula raudjärv	loc
mälg	loc
kükita	loc
sahkjärv	loc
idunete	loc
rahivere	loc
padurahud	loc
kohatu	loc
anutakse laugas	loc
pakulaid	loc
murd	loc
vaindloo	loc
ihamaru kogrejärv	loc
eidu	loc
navikõ	loc
kuremägi	loc
kamnits	loc
puhato	loc
kuldga	loc
nõmmerga	loc
männaklaid	loc
vanamesjärv	loc
kuradisaar	loc
lindora	loc
paaduots	loc
õisu	loc
aegviidu vahejärv	loc
kusnetsova	loc
ahekõnd	loc
mägialonõ	loc
väike-keema	loc
kõduküla	loc
kaisvere	loc
sookaldus	loc
kuningveri	loc
jõudga linajärv	loc
pulleritsu	loc
lükard	loc
uuemaa rahu	loc
lõuna-uhtju	loc
väike mäeräim	loc
hakilaid	loc
loo	loc
sammaste	loc
kellamägi	loc
vanaväli	loc
jõeveer	loc
vit	loc
siganete	loc
edejärv	loc
susina	loc
nigul	loc
mustivere	loc
magar	loc
tiklinete	loc
võijärv	loc
juudikselaid	loc
kuusemägi	loc
liinjärv	loc
väike-palkna	loc
audjassaar	loc
pällu	loc
kurvits	loc
salmistu	loc
lõunarahu	loc
sipelgas	loc
rõks	loc
koluveri	loc
nabe	loc
võikveri	loc
valgjärv	loc
verhulitsa	loc
intsu	loc
marksa	loc
jootme	loc
salarahu	loc
kerju	loc
simmul	loc
puskku viik	loc
kauks külajärv	loc
tõnismäe	loc
soot	loc
jursa	loc
kädva	loc
kureküla	loc
sel pühajärv	loc
vorbune	loc
ardu	loc
lõuna-pahijärv	loc
väike karujärv	loc
kolila	loc
kuhamu	loc
lemmaku	loc
kenn	loc
häärmäni	loc
pilkune	loc
nüppel	loc
iru pank	loc
hulaku	loc
kirna	loc
rebu	loc
kääbas	loc
kõver	loc
nooritsmets	loc
ando palojärv	loc
rammukas	loc
siberi	loc
küünjärv	loc
salme	loc
kasaritsa vähkjärv	loc
vihasoo keskmine lood	loc
kihlevere	loc
räitsvere	loc
miila	loc
sääsküla	loc
mõtsküla	loc
pivarootsi	loc
arojärv	loc
muhkamõtsa	loc
pinska	loc
tõrv vanamõis	loc
pitsalau	loc
uderna	loc
2. vardja veskijärv	loc
suurekivi	loc
palojärv	loc
rutt	loc
sassukvere	loc
kurista	loc
saareküla	loc
metsanurk	loc
ristimuru	loc
auklaid	loc
kõrgerahu	loc
haapsu	loc
laanemets murujärv	loc
alakonu	loc
kurtna abnejärv	loc
päidre	loc
elsejärv	loc
aavik	loc
pahasenja	loc
kirikla	loc
pillapalu	loc
leisu	loc
toll	loc
murats	loc
aegviidu ahvenjärv	loc
kallis	loc
ahtriskeloik	loc
kavandu	loc
lasnamäe pank	loc
jõemets	loc
keksine	loc
mäha	loc
osmussaare	loc
noogimaa	loc
künaauk	loc
koeri	loc
põrste	loc
liinajärv	loc
ainja	loc
väiku-palkna	loc
venekuusik	loc
porkuni	loc
väike leide	loc
vahtrepa	loc
ärina	loc
kassemaa	loc
kurisu	loc
martsa	loc
pihl	loc
ähijärv peräjärv	loc
leppsild mustjärv	loc
allikas	loc
kautla	loc
hästholm	loc
koops	loc
mähma	loc
kiduspe	loc
kaigepere	loc
kõrgemägi raba laugas	loc
rans	loc
juula	loc
keema kogrõjärv	loc
sepajärv	loc
vaart	loc
arujärv	loc
pärnselg	loc
jõgela	loc
rass	loc
koolimaja	loc
kikas	loc
viidi	loc
riitsild	loc
rickul	loc
kiigamäe mudajärv	loc
vasavere mustjärv	loc
elbu	loc
kurik pank	loc
rohusaar mustjärv	loc
vart	loc
seidla	loc
kurtna ratasjärv	loc
järvi	loc
rõõsk	loc
tamminete	loc
kari kaksikjärv	loc
hiietne	loc
pupastvere	loc
tabara	loc
vesilugu	loc
siimurahu i	loc
jaagup	loc
tammjärv	loc
lümati	loc
kastjärv	loc
isandajärv	loc
aude	loc
kotajärv	loc
tooma väike linajärv	loc
savka	loc
kesklinn	loc
annijärv	loc
kiiu-aabla	loc
kärasi	loc
ridane	loc
vägar	loc
2. kantjalg	loc
piirissaar	loc
tatar	loc
veisjärv	loc
umpjärv	loc
suur-urve	loc
kakõnujärv	loc
sillaots	loc
väike kodijärv	loc
jõudga pesujärv	loc
sarapuu	loc
tihku teine	loc
ruhnu	loc
pakr	loc
nav	loc
reonda	loc
kellamägi väike	loc
hausma	loc
teder	loc
väimela	loc
mäepea	loc
käbiküla	loc
uibojärv	loc
väike tseamäe	loc
pups	loc
laadla	loc
kaimr	loc
nõmm	loc
tuhu	loc
väike-härjamaa	loc
lahtjärv	loc
kallukse	loc
hellekunnu	loc
sibul	loc
uljaste mädajärv	loc
tade	loc
härglaid	loc
alakülä	loc
tõrvand	loc
sarapik	loc
kõrtsijärv	loc
raudjärv	loc
pärane	loc
meremägi	loc
paas	loc
nohipalo valgejärv	loc
ohukotsu	loc
jaanisaar	loc
kotkas	loc
rannik	loc
mõra	loc
leie	loc
japs	loc
koigu kogrejärv	loc
koharahud	loc
vaidasoo	loc
ivangorod	loc
vareste	loc
saarde	loc
peederga	loc
austurvike	loc
suur tseamäe	loc
väike kaksjärv	loc
lelu	loc
prilljärvd	loc
raad	loc
sompa	loc
ihats	loc
villand	loc
uuta	loc
lintsi	loc
lutikas pikkjärv	loc
jõusa	loc
pädaslaugas	loc
pühalepp	loc
kannissaar	loc
kikaste	loc
linnasjärv	loc
kis	loc
pagar	loc
alekvere	loc
roos	loc
selisoo suurlaugas	loc
rabaküla	loc
tatrune	loc
vasar	loc
augel	loc
jäleveri	loc
lauküla	loc
udsu	loc
suurup	loc
vahekari ii	loc
pundi	loc
neitsijärv	loc
hutta	loc
heisr	loc
näpp	loc
sutlepp meri	loc
sõmer	loc
vesitükimaa	loc
neeru vahejärv	loc
mustapali	loc
sinimägi	loc
mõntu	loc
soeorg	loc
tuuleväli	loc
tikk	loc
väike-loosalu	loc
nuutsaku	loc
säär	loc
pedanete	loc
nõlv	loc
türäjärv	loc
ülemine vaika	loc
prählamäe	loc
päidla mõisajärv	loc
korgõmõis	loc
2. kurgjärv	loc
koitjärv pikklaugas	loc
kangruaadu	loc
loonalaid	loc
sõgula	loc
ala-tilk	loc
mäenne	loc
kunnjärv	loc
podurahu	loc
oitme	loc
suur väimela	loc
saleveri salumägi	loc
koolmajärv	loc
poriküla	loc
valgejõgi	loc
väike kutspakk	loc
tohvr	loc
tahkurand	loc
rebane	loc
arkma	loc
põlde	loc
alevijärv	loc
uusmeri rahu	loc
maima	loc
stor tjukö	loc
saun laht	loc
ret	loc
annemägi	loc
karunete	loc
väike sinijärv	loc
matsimägi kaanjärv	loc
plaksi	loc
paganamaa liivajärv	loc
raigla	loc
koksveri	loc
supsi	loc
taudsa	loc
vadsa	loc
aila	loc
koger	loc
vaal	loc
härmesi	loc
vanalõvi	loc
kõrb	loc
pastakk	loc
mõisamaa	loc
vats	loc
aluvere	loc
kukkarahu	loc
suur karinete	loc
vaabna	loc
loos	loc
kirisilm	loc
alaveri	loc
liivausse	loc
vanassaar	loc
kooraste suurjärv	loc
tsopa kogõrjärv	loc
saika	loc
idinä	loc
kass	loc
põntsulaid	loc
eeriksaar	loc
kogrilaht	loc
suur rauba	loc
tusar	loc
mani	loc
vassivere	loc
ohepalau	loc
naissaar	loc
võrsna	loc
suur-pihlalaid	loc
vanajõgi	loc
1. võõpsu	loc
terra feminarum	loc
närapää	loc
pärni	loc
keema väikejärv	loc
viru-nigula	loc
säm	loc
muhkva	loc
veskisoo	loc
tõrvalaht	loc
mustamägi	loc
äherd	loc
uhtjärv	loc
erra-liiv	loc
korgõsaarõ	loc
kehtna	loc
vänn	loc
sinikahja	loc
sillikrunn	loc
prangli	loc
päädeva	loc
hüljes sared	loc
vara	loc
pöide	loc
rängä	loc
uus-udujärv	loc
henno	loc
köstrimägid	loc
põhja-pahijärv	loc
vana-nurtu	loc
listaku	loc
kodar	loc
ruila	loc
istemaa	loc
vana-kastre	loc
küüdre	loc
umbjärv v	loc
derhamn	loc
süllalaht	loc
hundinurk	loc
helmjärv	loc
lemmets	loc
sel raba laugas	loc
mäla	loc
odensholm	loc
sordimadal	loc
äila	loc
kanaveri	loc
aadam	loc
päidla väikejärv	loc
tepelväli	loc
enge	loc
aheru mustjärv	loc
mõis	loc
neemisküla	loc
käsukonn	loc
aru	loc
vibujärv	loc
kallijärv	loc
kauru	loc
saunja	loc
kanama	loc
kangavits	loc
hellenurm käpajärv	loc
karisööt	loc
hatiko	loc
sangaste soojärv	loc
varesemägid	loc
karilepp	loc
änar	loc
väikene mustjärv	loc
konemets	loc
vuhjärv	loc
alastvere	loc
riiassaar	loc
võnnu	loc
mäirame	loc
karurahu	loc
uniküla	loc
purk	loc
laasikselaid	loc
vana-nurs	loc
lehtma suurjärv	loc
tarvastu	loc
soohara	loc
riidamägi	loc
vareslaid	loc
alapikä	loc
pällastvere	loc
läste	loc
uikala	loc
jägala-juga	loc
vissu rahu	loc
lossimägi	loc
nohipalo valgõjärv	loc
kuivarahu i	loc
andre	loc
käravesite	loc
soodijärv	loc
lehmlaid	loc
jaand	loc
leedi	loc
vana-koiola	loc
emmasaar haugjärv	loc
spitham	loc
kaelase	loc
aasuväli	loc
möldre londsik	loc
tömp	loc
põlva	loc
väikujärv	loc
ahitne	loc
kungjärv soo laugas	loc
rebanete	loc
treial	loc
tiirlugud	loc
humalanete	loc
suur-pugola	loc
kaasikaed	loc
suur kõverjärv	loc
vesitükk maa	loc
soe	loc
põrja	loc
vihasoo suurlugud	loc
piitsaküla	loc
alustre	loc
külimit	loc
võõbu kaanjärv	loc
urmi	loc
uralaane	loc
mailaht	loc
valmaots	loc
sinikajärv	loc
puurmani	loc
lütä	loc
põrm	loc
imukvere	loc
veske	loc
hinniala	loc
väike-apja	loc
haukajärv	loc
kägar kaanjärv	loc
hoft	loc
petäjärv	loc
määr	loc
põldeots	loc
pihva	loc
raadama	loc
jöör	loc
töödilaid	loc
rusa	loc
väike-kare	loc
easte	loc
uljaste soojärv	loc
loja	loc
atanete	loc
peantne	loc
vari	loc
rootsikulaid	loc
viisel	loc
märdimik	loc
viirats	loc
leel	loc
lõõla	loc
sül	loc
poka laht	loc
lipamets	loc
imastu allikas	loc
i võrgurahu	loc
kumar	loc
jõgevamaa	loc
järvi särgjärv	loc
eresi	loc
õrunete	loc
narva-jõesuu	loc
suur karujärv	loc
valila	loc
vilimeeste	loc
mäliküla	loc
hõbe	loc
vohnja kõverjärv	loc
olgna	loc
osula	loc
läbi-keder	loc
kuhjaveri	loc
iilaste	loc
metstagune	loc
maturahu	loc
sooninete	loc
kaavere	loc
mäeltküla	loc
lõugas	loc
sel kaanjärv	loc
irvala	loc
kihn	loc
päll	loc
kärks	loc
tõrise	loc
kauga pank	loc
amula	loc
suurlaugas	loc
kaguveri	loc
rääbis	loc
kibissäär	loc
võnnumägi	loc
lapp	loc
väkra	loc
vaikne	loc
augjärv	loc
mahtra	loc
pillard	loc
udsal	loc
märd	loc
silgurahu	loc
suure-kambja	loc
storträske	loc
hõbesalu	loc
tentall laht	loc
lustiveri	loc
kolomtsõ	loc
kolkja	loc
arisvere	loc
allirahu	loc
joosu	loc
smolnits	loc
nauska	loc
aldreka rahu	loc
karepa	loc
kuklane kogrejärv	loc
krässgrund	loc
kangur	loc
nõmmeri	loc
väägvere	loc
linaleoauk	loc
kiilaspere	loc
andsu perajärv	loc
oonga	loc
sutlepsjön	loc
mägipe	loc
kalmaküla	loc
laged	loc
lootsna pikkjärv	loc
suursoo laugas	loc
rand	loc
väike vetik	loc
uia	loc
kuresoo laugas	loc
võllas raba laugas	loc
kilk	loc
mälu	loc
hindsa	loc
vana-lahetagune	loc
såndvike	loc
naravere	loc
murrujärv	loc
pakasjärv	loc
toku	loc
kalliküla	loc
harklaid	loc
tirbik	loc
tarumaa	loc
lüganune	loc
äntu valgejärv	loc
kuuralaid	loc
ärgesoo	loc
nadalam	loc
läbara	loc
vedra	loc
sooläte	loc
poldilaid ii	loc
tiirukari	loc
iidide	loc
nuudasjärv	loc
birkas	loc
kõba	loc
visula	loc
kolijärv	loc
ennune	loc
jänukjärv	loc
ulv	loc
metsaküla	loc
ruilõpp	loc
puka	loc
arula perajärv	loc
põllumaa laht	loc
änglema	loc
tuulejärv	loc
lont	loc
haubjerre	loc
masa	loc
pühajõgi	loc
kaidma	loc
ärmbu abajas	loc
liivakupalau	loc
liikva	loc
võduvere	loc
jaskajärv	loc
petser	loc
pajaka	loc
mõrg	loc
audeväli	loc
lepassaar	loc
perdak	loc
kellamägi mustjärv	loc
rutikvere	loc
peetr	loc
põikva	loc
viigijärv	loc
pühajärv	loc
kapera	loc
pull	loc
karkune	loc
koila	loc
lüübnits	loc
väike viik	loc
kibeküla	loc
imste	loc
koolimägi	loc
kaseväli	loc
ortuma	loc
mõhküla	loc
lees	loc
kautla saarejärv	loc
mustina	loc
väike marujärv	loc
uueveski	loc
kakuväli	loc
peen-kirjakujärv	loc
paasveri	loc
mustpank	loc
väike-maarjas	loc
anikats	loc
äidu kaanjärv	loc
lindulaht	loc
aks	loc
rõuge	loc
kurtna mätasjärv	loc
kõnd pikkjärv	loc
kirbla	loc
koidu-ellavere	loc
öörahu	loc
kommõr	loc
emmrahu	loc
saalune kogrejärv	loc
tõukajärv	loc
pikanina	loc
määsjärv	loc
uulu	loc
virla	loc
metsamats	loc
pada	loc
sisalikujärv	loc
iru	loc
kauste	loc
kavand suurjärv	loc
järvakant	loc
vihtla	loc
isabella	loc
maalast	loc
liivamägi	loc
mäsäjärv	loc
kolgu	loc
muru	loc
sau	loc
ruusmäe	loc
mudsna	loc
värssu	loc
sepis	loc
kavandu suurjärv	loc
liivakne	loc
põiksäär	loc
niiduots	loc
lei	loc
niinja	loc
suurik pank	loc
purila	loc
kallaste	loc
huuks	loc
kuiavere	loc
vanamõis	loc
sooblane	loc
jet	loc
iisak	loc
linnõjärv	loc
paas	loc
pals	loc
liivjärv	loc
pelissoo mägid	loc
tihku esimene	loc
sookaera-metsanurk	loc
väikesaar	loc
helpi	loc
moos	loc
ännijärv	loc
uuemaa	loc
virtsike	loc
juba	loc
nilbõ	loc
virvejärv	loc
ahelo	loc
laiamaa	loc
sutu	loc
mahlamägi	loc
võrnu	loc
kärinä kõrbjärv	loc
alasjärv	loc
venepele	loc
irunete	loc
haiba	loc
soo-ots	loc
juss mustjärv	loc
hodijärv	loc
tipp	loc
rannamets	loc
kausijärv	loc
kärss	loc
koonga	loc
loisu	loc
puhmu	loc
kunksild	loc
vahuküla	loc
milistvere	loc
paljasmaa	loc
tummelka	loc
aegna	loc
viru	loc
lüma	loc
urevere	loc
loopre	loc
hink	loc
vagivere	loc
vodja	loc
hilläkete	loc
ünnanete	loc
puista	loc
linnajärv	loc
sangaste	loc
väiku-boose	loc
pull kõverjärv	loc
kõrkküla	loc
ilbak	loc
oitma laid	loc
riksu	loc
tammsaarõ	loc
võerdla	loc
väikejär	loc
kuklasõ	loc
kustja	loc
orkta	loc
sooalune	loc
tiidu väikejärv	loc
uue-karinete	loc
kersle	loc
käina	loc
vaheru	loc
enby	loc
meegomäe	loc
suuremets	loc
varõssõ	loc
mustaru	loc
kivisi	loc
uue-antsla	loc
väike viitina	loc
roogenne raba laugas	loc
saarjärv kogrõjärv	loc
lembrilaid	loc
utukolga	loc
haabneem	loc
muns	loc
väikekuiv	loc
noodasküla	loc
kumna	loc
munarahu	loc
koigi pikkjärv	loc
põlmas	loc
sandla	loc
virulane	loc
pajukurmu	loc
jalgse	loc
vana-saalune	loc
heimtal	loc
isana	loc
mäo	loc
tohera	loc
põiklema	loc
adaka	loc
virunurm	loc
koosalaas	loc
selgrahu	loc
suurõ-ruuga	loc
harga	loc
nohipalu mustjärv	loc
naissugu	loc
rikassaar	loc
tähkveri	loc
vasikas	loc
hagud	loc
ans	loc
ulila	loc
kiisjärv	loc
rääsolaane	loc
vohiojajärv	loc
katra	loc
janutjärv	loc
saara	loc
karmine	loc
einb	loc
petrakuut	loc
kants	loc
topp	loc
kilja suurjärv	loc
püssä	loc
karga	loc
pusk	loc
täsvere	loc
kuru	loc
haabsild	loc
keressaar	loc
murks	loc
pihal	loc
turbajärv	loc
väike niinsaar	loc
parasmets	loc
obinitsa	loc
katane	loc
iia	loc
servaäär	loc
tagaveri	loc
konnaland	loc
roobas pank	loc
kaav	loc
lyckholm	loc
tsolgo kogrõjärv	loc
viru-kabala	loc
laul	loc
väike haeska	loc
alagrund	loc
sõrenete	loc
kemba	loc
alajõgi	loc
koiduväli	loc
velisemõis	loc
mustjalg	loc
väike venelaht	loc
purma abajas	loc
raudveri	loc
lahmune	loc
kuussaar	loc
umalakottd	loc
mõisaase	loc
ühtr	loc
kanapeeks	loc
paadikõrdsi	loc
linnaalunete	loc
ott	loc
neeru eesjärv	loc
kamar	loc
kurtna särgjärv	loc
sinial	loc
vaskrääm	loc
marimets raba laugas	loc
luts palojärv	loc
kukka ii rahu	loc
soonukk	loc
pihkva	loc
sõrumäe	loc
saksaküla	loc
rassirahu	loc
vilunete	loc
väiku-apja	loc
kuulma	loc
ager	loc
linaküla	loc
rebäsemõis	loc
hold	loc
maidel	loc
räpna	loc
rääski	loc
maarja-magdaleena	loc
tsernajärv	loc
helmküla	loc
suur-roograhu	loc
luu	loc
kiud	loc
troms	loc
kildemaa	loc
moldova	loc
prestviik	loc
väike nihujärv	loc
esna	loc
vinek	loc
väike-ahl	loc
punakülä	loc
press	loc
muusika	loc
purme abajas	loc
harku	loc
korijärv kogrõjärv	loc
kõiv	loc
kõdu	loc
pöögle	loc
kiivite	loc
palanujärv	loc
rannamõis pank	loc
sepp	loc
kalbune	loc
ida-pikklaug	loc
kura	loc
ruiljärv	loc
lals	loc
krundiküla	loc
mägialune	loc
hellenurm linajärv	loc
laukna	loc
turvaste valgejärv	loc
leevre	loc
kingissepalaid	loc
kutsikujärv	loc
santse lõpp	loc
2. saks mõis	loc
toila	loc
pajupea	loc
nõva mustjärv	loc
riidaküla	loc
parika pühajärv	loc
kõlujärv	loc
turbasoo	loc
võntküla	loc
katr lõugas	loc
hüüdra	loc
hapsu	loc
kauda	loc
turvalepp	loc
papissaar	loc
lääninete ahijärv	loc
aljava	loc
õlg	loc
ojurahu	loc
virtsikujärv	loc
samarna	loc
kavad	loc
kilja	loc
taterma	loc
üvvärjärv	loc
kotsma	loc
suur-pihlakare	loc
maksameri	loc
soemõis linajärv	loc
heigi	loc
ristemägi	loc
sigula	loc
alapikk	loc
loko	loc
ubasuu lump	loc
põdramõtsa	loc
sõmer	loc
järvi pikkjärv	loc
tsirkjärv	loc
viitka	loc
hürova	loc
katela	loc
äiamaa	loc
plaan küläjärv	loc
tsilguta	loc
horm	loc
paasikk	loc
kaasiksaar	loc
kook	loc
vilin	loc
järvamaa	loc
plaado	loc
kuhu	loc
vaskna	loc
kip	loc
mügra	loc
kingsepp	loc
väike mäestjärv	loc
tealama	loc
umbnasv	loc
suurpea	loc
oessaar laht	loc
järvepera	loc
tõus	loc
nõmm kaanjärv	loc
piiukarelaid	loc
maavesi abajas	loc
tarenete	loc
viro	loc
uueväli	loc
ulklaht	loc
kamar	loc
kunilamägi	loc
raamat	loc
otepää kärnjärv	loc
vanajärv	loc
ristikerkujärv	loc
edru	loc
järva-jaan	loc
matjama	loc
vakar	loc
lahuks	loc
vaarkali	loc
kandiküla	loc
saara raba laugas	loc
vihtjärv	loc
säpna	loc
roosna-alliku veskijärv	loc
vetik väikejärv	loc
taal	loc
kõvvõrjärv	loc
suuresadam	loc
lõhavere	loc
põdragu	loc
martsina	loc
mäebe	loc
erepere suurjärv	loc
veltsa	loc
kaarepere pikkjärv	loc
kahrila	loc
langekare	loc
kokemäe	loc
jaakna	loc
olep-juusa	loc
kasakova	loc
linajärv	loc
täkulaid	loc
vii	loc
õha	loc
tõstamaa	loc
vaiveri	loc
põnn	loc
laimets	loc
puhtulaid	loc
tutt	loc
kajamaa	loc
oara	loc
prangli jaskajärv	loc
kütt ähijärv	loc
kulje	loc
väike linajärv	loc
tingo	loc
liivakari	loc
tammejärv	loc
kõrdsijärv	loc
pank luht	loc
penu	loc
melgumäe	loc
västurvi	loc
tulbajärv	loc
koemets	loc
punsaku	loc
lõetsa	loc
kobilu	loc
allikõnd	loc
selijärv	loc
päkste	loc
paljassaar raba laugas	loc
kesselaid	loc
külama	loc
kasse laht	loc
kõera	loc
sõitme	loc
kõmmusselg	loc
sulg	loc
õdre	loc
sannansanken	loc
vironete	loc
ims	loc
rääptsova	loc
kuningamägi	loc
alarahu	loc
pihelgas	loc
heeska	loc
änkküla	loc
kõba suurlaid	loc
murujärv	loc
prand allikajärv	loc
järvetsa	loc
padaküla	loc
pildiküla	loc
ähijärv	loc
kast lahju	loc
ahitsõ	loc
roobimägi	loc
kuule	loc
rood	loc
nohipalu soojärv	loc
jõuk	loc
loosu	loc
kahvatulaht	loc
tagumaa	loc
lammaste	loc
ohakvere	loc
vihula	loc
ilmatsalu	loc
pihlats	loc
mälivere	loc
vastaba	loc
metsavaht	loc
kolossova	loc
tõl	loc
rumm	loc
udriku laugas	loc
kadajärv	loc
rahtla kivijärv	loc
lolu	loc
raugu	loc
ütsamägi	loc
mustarahu	loc
hiiemets	loc
pärtel	loc
järvemägi	loc
partsi saarjärv	loc
mõnunete	loc
hõralaid	loc
kühmamäe	loc
villem	loc
papilaid	loc
adinete	loc
vanajärv	loc
verijärv	loc
linaäärme	loc
kaugjärv	loc
kullenga	loc
seinakari	loc
rõuge mõisajärv	loc
suur pakane	loc
kasaritsa	loc
eru	loc
veski	loc
süvahava	loc
vitsik	loc
mats	loc
pühanete	loc
elb	loc
vaiste lõunajärv	loc
hüljetlaid	loc
veer	loc
rõuge valgejärv	loc
luik	loc
diby	loc
palomets vahtsõjärv	loc
tooma	loc
rapla	loc
jõõdre	loc
raudla	loc
tiirlaid	loc
bysholmsvi	loc
kastolats äijärv	loc
pullijärv	loc
lihulõpe	loc
kütt ahijärv	loc
ruu	loc
vasavere	loc
leenilaid	loc
piigand vähkjärv	loc
piipne	loc
laijärv	loc
väiku-ruuga	loc
jäätma	loc
saarjärv	loc
dirslätt	loc
tagumine kaanjärv	loc
öörik	loc
ligem	loc
vilta	loc
tammetagune	loc
piigand kogrejärv	loc
pliia	loc
mart	loc
kaloga	loc
suukaala	loc
kodasoo	loc
andsu edejärv	loc
husar	loc
sirgumets	loc
mägi-kurdla	loc
vooremägi	loc
palane	loc
kurtna saarejärv	loc
jalamets	loc
kräsuli	loc
suur-polt	loc
hati edejärv	loc
prange	loc
kaberneem	loc
unenete	loc
rins	loc
kokora	loc
kersalu	loc
orajõgi	loc
põitne	loc
vais	loc
õssu	loc
laomägi laksd	loc
järva-madis	loc
randiväli	loc
joaveski	loc
kargjärv	loc
kaikjärv	loc
tirb tann	loc
laheküla	loc
pulk	loc
väike nõuni	loc
rits’ka	loc
esirahu	loc
hüüru	loc
hakjalg	loc
kanamart	loc
karivärav	loc
väinjärv	loc
kok	loc
kahtla	loc
reo	loc
anijalg	loc
tiharu	loc
laomägi allikajärv	loc
kängsepp	loc
väike-roobimaa	loc
rääka	loc
võhandu	loc
kodismaa	loc
pikknasv	loc
kaanda	loc
alamõis	loc
kõrtsisoo	loc
lepaküla	loc
pikässuu lump	loc
väikene pehmejärv	loc
tsergondõ	loc
nasvarahu	loc
puningu	loc
poll	loc
träsk	loc
avijõgi	loc
kaugu	loc
parisselg	loc
kaim	loc
krimmi	loc
viisjaak	loc
angune	loc
kuimets	loc
innarahu	loc
talle	loc
vetik	loc
käkirahu	loc
arkna	loc
kõrgeraba	loc
murask	loc
pussa	loc
nedsa	loc
tõllinete	loc
ninarahu	loc
luke vanajärv	loc
väike-kamar	loc
riiumägi	loc
viitina	loc
mähkli	loc
suurjärv	loc
kajaka-mustlaugas	loc
raigastvere	loc
tempa	loc
käsmu	loc
varbola	loc
kaluka	loc
erenete	loc
riidaeg	loc
sarv	loc
prass	loc
saval	loc
taebla	loc
aesoo	loc
tuksi	loc
karjalaid	loc
karjats meri	loc
turi	loc
luunja	loc
üüvjärv	loc
ruskavere	loc
pusi	loc
alumatt	loc
2. sootaga	loc
saru	loc
pupli	loc
tulp	loc
turvajärv	loc
rastla	loc
bigrünne	loc
suur-härjarahu	loc
misso viisjärv	loc
sõrgjärv	loc
kiiu	loc
peedu	loc
aljava abajas	loc
mellansjöu	loc
aakaru	loc
puustus	loc
vilta	loc
onga	loc
väiko-tiilige	loc
suur-keema	loc
jaan	loc
agusalu	loc
kantküla mustjärv	loc
kiissa laht	loc
valgjärv	loc
krokatstaindappen	loc
kootsaare	loc
kiidjärv	loc
härmäjärv	loc
tällevere	loc
paabo	loc
seinapalau	loc
sulp	loc
seruküla	loc
nahkjalg	loc
karamsna	loc
laheva	loc
võistre	loc
soomra	loc
porijärv	loc
stor stengrund	loc
kubi	loc
3. jõuküla	loc
tõnkova	loc
väikene kõrbjärv	loc
kolmas	loc
vil	loc
varsangulump	loc
kallisna	loc
mustumets	loc
pihelgalaid	loc
roosna-alliku allikajärv	loc
pärn	loc
sarapuujärv	loc
koiduküla	loc
lehtma	loc
lööra	loc
miidurand	loc
vägara laht	loc
kasvandu	loc
lanksaar	loc
kerita	loc
kirjakjärv	loc
raudoja	loc
padise	loc
abissaar	loc
üldnä	loc
mändjalg	loc
pehmejärv	loc
sangla	loc
kääraku	loc
veskimägi	loc
enivere	loc
linte	loc
ärmistu	loc
illi umbjärv	loc
raiste	loc
ramata	loc
vanaussaed	loc
metsajärv	loc
tulisild	loc
emajõgi	loc
hanijärv	loc
hilba	loc
raukla	loc
klooga	loc
sulupere	loc
kastamara	loc
suur-tiuka	loc
kastkova umbjärv	loc
tartussaar eesjärv	loc
lepp	loc
rihajärv	loc
agal	loc
hürs	loc
koiola	loc
paralepp	loc
söderby	loc
pundsu kõrbjärv	loc
putkaste	loc
kihljärv	loc
arunete	loc
puia	loc
suur-kaats	loc
kurkne	loc
penu	loc
liig	loc
saue-putla	loc
prästvi	loc
sälliksaar	loc
kastmekoda	loc
kukku	loc
mõnnanete	loc
seli-nurm	loc
rõngu	loc
haakel	loc
jäärja	loc
jubu	loc
sipe	loc
arjad	loc
narusk	loc
jämaja	loc
kähr	loc
vana-karinete	loc
ülens	loc
vahenurm	loc
peeterr	loc
väike emajõgi	loc
väike-rootsi	loc
rääsa	loc
pikkana	loc
laekarahu	loc
küdema	loc
pugujärv	loc
saar	loc
tanska	loc
väike viirelaid	loc
aste	loc
kodila	loc
kurin	loc
pisselaid	loc
langa	loc
tihe	loc
lehtne	loc
kosk	loc
arupää	loc
kajakalaugas	loc
kõivamäe lump	loc
õrro	loc
kalmatjärv	loc
ruhingu	loc
koorküla linajärv	loc
venelaht	loc
ibanete	loc
beresje umbjärv	loc
nohipalu valgejärv	loc
nahijärv	loc
lepä	loc
koloreino	loc
koitjärv	loc
handimik	loc
pillapalu kivijärv	loc
üleminete	loc
tillijärv	loc
mägestik	loc
pikamägi	loc
tap	loc
rabiveri	loc
ervu	loc
savijärv	loc
rooglaid	loc
kappelkärre	loc
kurgurahu	loc
hellenurm	loc
kasselaid	loc
põrsaku	loc
retla	loc
hanila	loc
aruküla	loc
lootvina pikkjärv	loc
puskaru	loc
kastli	loc
miikne	loc
himminete	loc
ahaste	loc
otik	loc
aidu	loc
hilibiniidü	loc
järavere	loc
kisejärv	loc
kurnuvere	loc
lahepera	loc
lihlvikk	loc
sikuti	loc
kose-uuemõis	loc
pihanasu	loc
pille	loc
sorts	loc
unimägi	loc
kalk	loc
mäeots	loc
tõhelg	loc
kõrvemets	loc
heiste	loc
roolaid	loc
muhk	loc
triginä	loc
abruka	loc
türna	loc
tuhkur	loc
jõepere	loc
tuhkana	loc
orinõmm	loc
hotõmäe	loc
paklova	loc
palupere	loc
arbavere	loc
enno	loc
suur saarjärv	loc
rivimaa	loc
tornijärv	loc
tiri	loc
vahessaar	loc
aegviidu sisalikujärv	loc
elva	loc
tänassilm	loc
levalõpe	loc
võreveri	loc
nõmavere	loc
radijärv	loc
vil	loc
lemmaru	loc
virgumägi	loc
uiakats	loc
vällamägi	loc
kari suurjärv	loc
vana-roosa	loc
tolkjärv	loc
säärits	loc
potrijärv	loc
päästjärv	loc
kütiorg	loc
napp	loc
kihelkond	loc
palumägi	loc
lasnamäe	loc
tuuru	loc
mustajõgi	loc
viliksaarõ	loc
rõue	loc
otepää mäha	loc
krabi	loc
sedaljärv	loc
lahukne	loc
ramb	loc
tammneem	loc
väike sillaots	loc
vallapalau	loc
puha martiska	loc
kureveri roolaht	loc
tooma kõrtsijärv	loc
roosikk	loc
aindu	loc
vivva	loc
kohtla-järv	loc
suur kogralaht	loc
kuivarahu ii	loc
papirahu	loc
udujärv	loc
antsla	loc
sinikas	loc
tagamõis	loc
õdr	loc
riisk	loc
mõdrik	loc
peratsjärv	loc
atla	loc
kõima	loc
lõõdla	loc
veibr	loc
karujärv	loc
vahe-kaanjärv	loc
säästla	loc
ratla	loc
saustinõmm	loc
roid	loc
karinõmm	loc
möldrimeri	loc
säinaste kuiv	loc
pihleni	loc
kodenete	loc
kirikumõis	loc
keema	loc
võiera	loc
köisi	loc
kundsa	loc
sudanete	loc
kaarküla	loc
väike linnamägi	loc
paaks	loc
kuklane	loc
3. rabiveri	loc
käkimaa-kalarahu	loc
arumets	loc
rehemägi	loc
uhtjärv	loc
penijõgi	loc
mõõnaste	loc
tabria	loc
sepaküla	loc
roosna-alliku allikajärv	loc
tipilaht	loc
aseriaru	loc
kadaklaid	loc
pajust	loc
lasa	loc
koikne	loc
rebala	loc
kuritne	loc
kangruoadu	loc
pank tarn	loc
kurnakse	loc
karida	loc
suurpalau	loc
risttee	loc
eenne	loc
suurna	loc
perene	loc
suur-pakr	loc
kila	loc
borrby	loc
kiku	loc
alau	loc
päinurm	loc
võuküla	loc
anne-peetr	loc
ohepalau suurjärv	loc
üru	loc
varud	loc
pala	loc
lavassaar	loc
preeksa palojärv	loc
läätsa	loc
oriküla	loc
pillapalued	loc
kanpsullaid	loc
ubajärv	loc
silegrund	loc
külmaallikas	loc
jeedasküla	loc
suur kaanjärv	loc
tihku keskmine	loc
kärkna	loc
tsereb	loc
misso kunnaland	loc
suur kodijärv	loc
mehikoorem	loc
linnamägi	loc
mustjärv	loc
vaila	loc
kreo kalajärv	loc
sel	loc
kurtne linajärv	loc
ärnu	loc
ulglaht	loc
tagarand	loc
piirum	loc
mad	loc
männikväli	loc
horosk	loc
mädajõgi	loc
irta	loc
pado umbjärv	loc
padar	loc
sõdaalune	loc
jaani	loc
haavamets	loc
veskimõis	loc
kokõ	loc
kuustiguniidü lump	loc
rabajärv	loc
inahamne	loc
otslava	loc
linaligu	loc
nuudsaku	loc
ohtja	loc
rohuneem	loc
haldrekrahu	loc
karunga	loc
kool	loc
rahtla	loc
ahenda	loc
vähajärv	loc
lätiniid	loc
kiiskjärv	loc
wrangelsholm	loc
türisalu pank	loc
mustla-nõmm	loc
nahajärv	loc
raug	loc
sooru	loc
karuba	loc
ainja sinejärv	loc
piisupp	loc
madallaid	loc
saari	loc
väike pehmejärv	loc
karjamaa	loc
peetsu	loc
edru kaanjärv	loc
korunete linajärv	loc
ninasi	loc
väätsa	loc
õngu	loc
pöörilaid	loc
vaherahu	loc
kõrgesaar	loc
kasul	loc
kurtna konnajärv	loc
allaste	loc
usinitsa	loc
tiitsuots	loc
luiga	loc
sai	loc
nüri	loc
ahunajärv	loc
varikmägi	loc
müür	loc
kaiguts	loc
ersava	loc
niidiküla	loc
luukholm	loc
kroken	loc
raavits	loc
ollepa	loc
linderahu	loc
endulaht	loc
niib	loc
persulaht	loc
pühameeste laijärv	loc
jaanusjärv	loc
kood raba laugas	loc
kään	loc
umpa	loc
aabra	loc
suislepp	loc
pargitagune	loc
erra	loc
saarõ sulg	loc
laid	loc
paunküla mustjärv	loc
armojärv	loc
kooraste	loc
kükä	loc
jämejalg	loc
älv	loc
kellamägi laht	loc
vaist suurjärv	loc
saunalaht	loc
ullutulaid	loc
ilmastalu	loc
kuie	loc
lahujärv	loc
tirts	loc
elda pank	loc
rajaküla	loc
argski	loc
lõvi	loc
jälgimägi	loc
ehaveri	loc
naapka	loc
lääg	loc
suur-malusi	loc
küünimets ahnjärv	loc
leev kõvvõrjärv	loc
viitina kungjärv	loc
oogilaht	loc
sender	loc
kõnd ümmargune	loc
prits	loc
toatne	loc
viro land	loc
virtsik	loc
saluputk	loc
kellassaar	loc
rõhk	loc
sõrve	loc
tõrvajõgi	loc
siimusti	loc
kootne	loc
põlli	loc
kuigats	loc
jõgi	loc
parasmaa	loc
raikküla	loc
kukeveri	loc
anemaa	loc
vilgjärv	loc
undu	loc
räpo	loc
rassiots	loc
klood	loc
soinanete	loc
mõndavere	loc
hõbemägi	loc
oinas	loc
peenkirjakjärv	loc
simunamäe	loc
karala	loc
põhjatu	loc
öörd	loc
kapsta	loc
kurtna ahnejärv	loc
linnumägi	loc
haba	loc
vana-võidu	loc
tammispea	loc
kaerepere	loc
sell	loc
tarvas	loc
eaveri	loc
heinasooed	loc
lubjajärv	loc
pangod	loc
pisilaid	loc
kaats 2. kogrejärv	loc
unakvere	loc
liivaküla	loc
kaunissaar	loc
laasirahu	loc
hütt	loc
võistvere	loc
kasaritsa valgjärv	loc
toomla	loc
kogula	loc
ulitina	loc
päidla kõverjärv	loc
väike mudajärv	loc
viltina	loc
rannapungerja	loc
maardu	loc
kõllijärv	loc
hundissaar	loc
nulga	loc
kõrgejärv	loc
viire	loc
põikma	loc
pilk	loc
puura	loc
illi väike-umbjärv	loc
haage	loc
mudur	loc
lõpemets	loc
ruuksu	loc
himma	loc
kaagata	loc
neitla	loc
luhasoo	loc
malvaste	loc
saalune kogrõjärv	loc
kurtna valgejärv	loc
tähtveri	loc
pall	loc
kuune	loc
pakasjärv raba laugas	loc
jerusk lomp	loc
kari	loc
käkimaa	loc
raudna	loc
tiklane	loc
parevere	loc
prossa	loc
rahkama	loc
õepa	loc
peen-kirjakjärv	loc
sikalaanõ	loc
torila	loc
meendrenna laht	loc
jõnn	loc
järvemets	loc
püha	loc
nõmpa	loc
suurerahu	loc
roopjärv	loc
soanne lõpp	loc
tõri	loc
tils kõrbjärv	loc
kahtla laid	loc
kajakarahu	loc
lall	loc
voor	loc
seljaküla	loc
uljas	loc
iskna	loc
metslõugu	loc
roobe	loc
ala-puide	loc
käärikjärv	loc
vana-piigand	loc
kunnat	loc
reig	loc
kuusnõmm	loc
silla-suurjärv	loc
moora	loc
naistevald	loc
tarbja	loc
lipp	loc
mustjas	loc
kogrõjärv	loc
kõll	loc
väike juusa	loc
sireveri	loc
ohekatk	loc
vahakõnd	loc
põlluküla	loc
lusthoone	loc
oidrema	loc
aruväli	loc
uibujärv	loc
solda	loc
kõrsa	loc
rünk	loc
veretinä	loc
aheru mudajärv	loc
ostrova	loc
umbnäsu	loc
lööne	loc
klottorp	loc
hülgerahu	loc
muranete	loc
laager	loc
tamsa	loc
sopp	loc
känd	loc
atne	loc
podmots	loc
veline	loc
nurkne	loc
liguski	loc
osõtsuu	loc
punsujärv	loc
kõrtsialune	loc
kaderna	loc
saabolda	loc
mustjõgi	loc
salumägi	loc
laos	loc
nõmmoja linajärv	loc
korponi	loc
kokajärv	loc
kudjape	loc
rannaküla	loc
hati kogrejärv	loc
valguta mustjärv	loc
kadapik	loc
õhk	loc
saareküla järveots	loc
ennu	loc
paate	loc
pahijärv	loc
rahkla	loc
jõemõis papijärv	loc
indra	loc
oissaar	loc
puutel	loc
vodava	loc
kepslett	loc
pikker	loc
apna	loc
liiküla	loc
rada	loc
pandju	loc
pülme	loc
niha	loc
hatik	loc
järvepää	loc
lääne-pikklaug	loc
naistejärv	loc
särgjärv	loc
veskitagune	loc
kaasik	loc
päiginete	loc
aidu-nõmm	loc
käru	loc
tõikveri	loc
alaküla	loc
nakamaa	loc
jala	loc
saluputk	loc
sinepijärv	loc
vaelma	loc
rootsiküla	loc
turvaste mustjärv	loc
väinjärv	loc
laap	loc
soonda	loc
naale laht	loc
karinete	loc
vakalepp	loc
ülbak	loc
suur nõmmejärv	loc
haabsaar	loc
pariveri	loc
hara	loc
kurgjärv	loc
konsu	loc
tiksijärv	loc
matsalu	loc
lemmikküla	loc
illi suur umbjärv	loc
tanujärv	loc
vastse-kuunete	loc
lillasmäe	loc
haavapää	loc
äntu linajärv	loc
sepamaa	loc
krüüdner	loc
lell raba laugas	loc
lõmala	loc
antsu	loc
rootsivere	loc
lemküla	loc
liivakant	loc
uus udujärv	loc
varbune	loc
hobulaiu	loc
kihmajärv	loc
mädapea	loc
maetsma	loc
välgta	loc
ablune kare	loc
põhk mädajärv	loc
sõõru	loc
viraksaar	loc
laukasoo laugas	loc
kulg	loc
väike virnajärv	loc
nõrava	loc
liug	loc
lungu	loc
kullamaa	loc
mast	loc
kassinurm	loc
killinge	loc
sarakunete	loc
saantne lõpp	loc
resto	loc
väike	loc
mäejärv	loc
kassiveri	loc
undla	loc
pärnu-jaagup	loc
jänine	loc
räd	loc
kootsra	loc
latikas	loc
linnape	loc
tuuraste	loc
vahelmiserahu	loc
lüüste	loc
kuuni	loc
rogosi	loc
jänijõgi	loc
kurvits veskijärv	loc
tammurg	loc
puide	loc
kakk	loc
ura	loc
pajumõis	loc
2. kõnd	loc
allu	loc
äng	loc
lepna	loc
paju	loc
mõisamägi	loc
ültra	loc
iirurahu	loc
vaeküla	loc
köstrejärv	loc
telve kuivarahu	loc
veskiküla	loc
kanarik verijärv	loc
tiidu	loc
keila	loc
orutagune	loc
tuulik	loc
kaalup laht	loc
kõrb	loc
veskijärv	loc
kurinete	loc
häätaru	loc
sõru	loc
kiivera	loc
kõrgu	loc
väike udrikjärv	loc
kaaren	loc
roobaka	loc
paganamaa sarapuujärv	loc
haavilaid	loc
aaspere	loc
lääninete	loc
suuremõis	loc
piils	loc
pakane	loc
keskrand	loc
rõmeda	loc
jugu	loc
kalna	loc
suursoo saarjärv	loc
säärelaid	loc
ruun	loc
kalana	loc
mudajõgi	loc
pörja porijärv	loc
ess	loc
talli	loc
võhmassaar	loc
kardla	loc
punajärv	loc
siimurahu ii	loc
mammaste	loc
mäe-suhka	loc
aandu	loc
avinurm	loc
rannajõgi	loc
pärinurm	loc
rod	loc
koerakuiv	loc
piiumets	loc
ulkkari	loc
räpu	loc
võll	loc
vaap	loc
sänna	loc
voika	loc
rusulaid	loc
pähn	loc
pihk	loc
beresje	loc
purgats	loc
tsiirjärv	loc
umbusi	loc
tartu	loc
kause	loc
võru valgjärv	loc
laads	loc
alest	loc
talli	loc
kriiska	loc
kirikuküla	loc
saalune	loc
auks	loc
kalme	loc
napanurk	loc
lepaauk	loc
polovina	loc
liigvald	loc
määsovits	loc
ähk perajärv	loc
laugasjärv	loc
lõilaskme	loc
ninane pank	loc
lakovits	loc
kõrtsilaugas	loc
vigala	loc
leetne	loc
sootaga	loc
siiapank	loc
ninalaid	loc
laossaarõ	loc
korunete	loc
lagesoo	loc
võidu	loc
sarine	loc
vanalubi	loc
mäginete	loc
jõemõis särgjärv	loc
sirts soo laugas	loc
neha	loc
varune	loc
nargen	loc
till	loc
kuutne	loc
kaagna	loc
sambu	loc
laulasmaa	loc
rauks	loc
uusna	loc
anelema	loc
koobassaar	loc
mustla	loc
angla	loc
linnutajamägi	loc
kassari	loc
kasar	loc
lüübnits umbjärv	loc
sõmeru	loc
võigas	loc
rasna	loc
kullamets	loc
kitsemets	loc
kõrksa	loc
sännä	loc
sokajärv	loc
tamm palujärv	loc
sipelgarahu	loc
liiv	loc
suur apja	loc
oitme saar	loc
sauga	loc
põldealune laht	loc
vahastu	loc
ärgessoo	loc
lüütsepp	loc
kurtna linajärv	loc
lohujärv	loc
koppel	loc
tukk	loc
paduveri	loc
vaela	loc
tõni	loc
emajärv	loc
saapakare	loc
märajärv	loc
lammasküla	loc
valgeväli	loc
plaan kunnaland	loc
kohtla	loc
udriku suurjärv	loc
österby	loc
ännikne	loc
hanerahu	loc
nurmne	loc
pupastvere umbjärv	loc
looküla	loc
pügare	loc
vunk	loc
palupõhi	loc
uue-võidu	loc
sagarinete	loc
alatskivi kaanjärv	loc
altnurk	loc
kaarel	loc
saarejärv	loc
vatku kõverjärv	loc
kaumart laht	loc
kuremets	loc
härmakosu	loc
maie	loc
paganamaa	loc
lähkrujärv	loc
härmä	loc
güddnäs	loc
põlendmaa	loc
tüüts	loc
oesaare laht	loc
liiv	loc
lehola	loc
virta	loc
juusa	loc
tsirgupalu	loc
kukemägi	loc
pikva	loc
kärpla	loc
uur	loc
lülle laht	loc
puning	loc
sääsk	loc
pugola	loc
võeva	loc
margune	loc
tara	loc
kadrina	loc
leeskopp	loc
salaveri	loc
aela	loc
reina	loc
pärajärv	loc
kännuküla	loc
ilves	loc
tumala	loc
suur suujärv	loc
sange	loc
kumbli	loc
karijärv	loc
raupats	loc
meelste	loc
virn	loc
leib	loc
pakurahu	loc
ämar	loc
türju	loc
kalmaru	loc
jalalõpe	loc
pätsurahu	loc
võllinge	loc
kullaaru	loc
lemmats	loc
sirvaste	loc
vaalimägi	loc
kuralaid	loc
naartne	loc
hanikask	loc
järvekülaed	loc
lillo	loc
luratjärv	loc
roheline	loc
suur-pahila	loc
pautsaare laht	loc
tõrremägi	loc
põripõld	loc
pilpaküla	loc
kolmenasva	loc
pühajärv	loc
sels suujärv	loc
hüüdre	loc
maalaht	loc
suurmets	loc
röa	loc
ull	loc
viitna linajärv	loc
sillapää	loc
haab	loc
lümanda	loc
lükati	loc
määräjärv	loc
mangu	loc
linnamägi	loc
uturahud	loc
laatre vanamõis	loc
roela	loc
väike-pakr	loc
läänemaa	loc
partsi kõrtsijärv	loc
hino pugula	loc
loomne	loc
haldreka	loc
saatne	loc
ahitsa	loc
süväjärv	loc
altküla	loc
käänd	loc
rimmu	loc
ahisild	loc
uhtijärv	loc
kublits	loc
laihjärv	loc
suursoo	loc
oostrik	loc
ajajärv	loc
kokora mustjärv	loc
keltu	loc
aruaru	loc
pappjärv	loc
laos valgejärv	loc
näduvere	loc
varkja	loc
heinasoo	loc
vaarts	loc
väike-poama	loc
tapik	loc
lõp	loc
vedruka	loc
4. jõuküla	loc
1. vardja veskijärv	loc
orav kõverjärv	loc
suure-rake	loc
tagassaar	loc
dibö	loc
ala-tsumba	loc
kanep	loc
rannamõis	loc
varstu	loc
kohila	loc
junkrulaht	loc
lihl-vikk	loc
igaküla	loc
kari väikejärv	loc
rõikjärv	loc
pettoja	loc
viikjärv	loc
koigi	loc
saviauk	loc
reiu	loc
kaalupea laht	loc
uigumäe lump	loc
eger	loc
mood	loc
kisuveri	loc
lätkalu	loc
uibujärv	loc
maurijärv	loc
kanissaar	loc
kuivasääremaa	loc
liisagu	loc
tihklane	loc
lannunete	loc
tikk viisjärv	loc
ronisoo	loc
lehtmets	loc
sirkjärv	loc
sepasitik	loc
kõvandu suurjärv	loc
mõntsiküla	loc
kuusiku-nõmm	loc
umnas	loc
õdra	loc
alakunnu	loc
eipr	loc
mulva	loc
tõugussaare raba laugas	loc
puduküla	loc
maas	loc
jausa	loc
tsolgo kõvvõrjärv	loc
jõgehara	loc
tolkune raba laugas	loc
kõrbja	loc
lender	loc
valgõjärv	loc
veerik	loc
sugalepp	loc
purd	loc
suursoo umbjärv	loc
kodijärv	loc
väike-nõuni	loc
lõo	loc
kabuna	loc
tõugujärv	loc
messe	loc
kosilane	loc
rukkirahu	loc
harku mõisajärv	loc
marujärv	loc
soesaar	loc
juraski	loc
rõuge ratasjärv	loc
idaveri	loc
laiune kivijärv	loc
toolamaa	loc
nurm	loc
sillajärv	loc
taga-roostoja	loc
paide	loc
võru	loc
rosma	loc
vatsla	loc
luti	loc
ubja	loc
mäger	loc
nigula	loc
paekna	loc
tõugjärv	loc
tolljärv	loc
liialaid	loc
õrsava	loc
sepanete	loc
mõnuveri	loc
pikker	loc
kokaviidikas	loc
ula	loc
tirk	loc
kokuta	loc
soodevahe	loc
kanep palojärv	loc
pootsikk	loc
kask	loc
eerikulaid	loc
toon	loc
kostkova umbjärv	loc
jõiste	loc
mourikari	loc
meer	loc
kõo	loc
lais	loc
valgerand	loc
lokkta	loc
mohn	loc
saverna	loc
uudepank	loc
palandõ	loc
kuritne kogrejärv	loc
väike-umbjärv	loc
uhe	loc
suure-rootsi	loc
tagad	loc
tõõrakõrb	loc
viir	loc
pikarist	loc
telmeni	loc
krootune	loc
kaksiklaugas	loc
uduveri	loc
laagna tiikd 2tk	loc
kilksama	loc
tammejärv	loc
vares	loc
kakerd raba laugas	loc
udria	loc
mädara	loc
tuhalaas veskijärv	loc
lipnik	loc
soomägi	loc
tondre	loc
mari	loc
killa	loc
mölder meri	loc
suur-viirelaid	loc
kaarma	loc
vatku	loc
äijärv	loc
kink	loc
järvetaga mustjärv	loc
kergu	loc
kakusuu	loc
juhkajärv	loc
praaklima	loc
roop	loc
kobruvere	loc
hald	loc
peräjärv	loc
puhja	loc
väiku-mikel	loc
saarnakõrb	loc
vidruka	loc
madila	loc
veneoja	loc
krüüdner kangrujärv	loc
tudu	loc
tõõdre	loc
laiküla	loc
aaslaid	loc
kograjärv	loc
ülgane	loc
nava	loc
lompka	loc
kajaka-vahelaugas	loc
põdralaid	loc
püüns	loc
marina	loc
kibura	loc
kagavere	loc
vanaveski pais	loc
luigu	loc
tsirgu	loc
teterüvä	loc
lasva	loc
ore	loc
orjaku	loc
hobusemägi	loc
kuuda	loc
piiukare	loc
leediküla	loc
härämäe	loc
mustajärv	loc
janokjärv	loc
pautsaare	loc
vandu	loc
siimurahud	loc
marna	loc
härglaiu	loc
ulkar saar	loc
käbli	loc
loks	loc
kavasoo	loc
väike kirjakujärv	loc
kusma	loc
juksirahu	loc
karula pikkjärv	loc
ubasalu	loc
luhamets	loc
lebavere	loc
haavakann	loc
väimela ülajärv	loc
randküla	loc
kodja	loc
koosa	loc
nursipalu kaarnajärv	loc
mõndelaid	loc
liiapeks	loc
kahvatu laht	loc
vellavere külajärv	loc
jõesuu	loc
haavapää palojärv	loc
millansanken	loc
rännan	loc
punane	loc
in hamne	loc
lindjärv	loc
vasula	loc
ilmaste	loc
velise-nõlv	loc
sini	loc
sänksaar	loc
elsijärv	loc
haaps	loc
koon	loc
hämmelepp	loc
annjärv	loc
kodaveri	loc
toos	loc
maarits	loc
saarepää	loc
riihora	loc
kõver	loc
orkjärv	loc
tammela	loc
oet	loc
saarepõld	loc
kolga-jaan	loc
ignane	loc
kaurutoots	loc
sinijärv	loc
muike	loc
õla	loc
naage	loc
lambahanna	loc
kõivuküla	loc
linnusitt maa	loc
parmupalau	loc
põlla	loc
kõnd	loc
õru	loc
piigand ahijärv	loc
rõstla	loc
tuulissild	loc
fällarna	loc
kullimaa	loc
risu-suurküla	loc
väike-rahula	loc
jaanisjärv	loc
mustrahu	loc
uibo linajärv	loc
tamba	loc
laibulaht	loc
kessulaid	loc
põdva rahu	loc
elistvere	loc
tuulavere	loc
soodla	loc
preed	loc
kirms	loc
võlle	loc
lahojärv	loc
pässä	loc
kablima	loc
tudre	loc
korjus	loc
rosona	loc
esku	loc
soitsjärv	loc
hintsiko	loc
rääk	loc
kung	loc
mõrts	loc
väikene suujärv	loc
kurepalau	loc
pärispea	loc
põl	loc
rebasejärv	loc
õeksedte	loc
järvi pikajärv	loc
kivirahu	loc
paaste	loc
valgma	loc
utessuu	loc
metsla	loc
jõetagune	loc
kõidama	loc
türju lõpp	loc
hindaste	loc
meedla	loc
timpr kogrõjärv	loc
paluküla	loc
kojastu	loc
saardu	loc
mustahammas	loc
kaberla	loc
saduküla	loc
pauastvere	loc
katr luht	loc
vainupea	loc
hal	loc
aiamaa	loc
vahtranete	loc
männakulaid	loc
tühjasma	loc
menarsvae	loc
sanksaar	loc
kingli	loc
tonja	loc
ihasalu	loc
kükajärv	loc
lohusalu	loc
kõlu	loc
väike apja	loc
vapramägi	loc
hirla	loc
masluva	loc
vana-koiola soojärv	loc
lasva kalijärv	loc
viigjärv	loc
niitsikk	loc
lemmejõgi	loc
kurtna ahvenjärv	loc
allikmaa	loc
preeksa	loc
sauemeri	loc
rei	loc
sopiik	loc
ruudiküla	loc
kabramets	loc
roosna-alliku	loc
velts	loc
neeru sinijärv	loc
korva raudjärv	loc
toomasmäe	loc
plika	loc
põlli	loc
küllilaid	loc
allikjärv	loc
laiune	loc
nihu	loc
lota	loc
söödijärv	loc
katsna	loc
vätne	loc
olju	loc
härgla	loc
kiranete	loc
koorküla mudajärv	loc
hatsi	loc
võrtsjärv	loc
kõverjärv	loc
külaküla	loc
soomejärv	loc
külalaid	loc
konsa	loc
paenane	loc
telinõmm	loc
pedassaar	loc
türisalu	loc
hellamaa	loc
igeveri	loc
häälimägi	loc
salutagune	loc
suursaar	loc
leenilaid i	loc
kabli	loc
lillu	loc
põllküla	loc
haavasoo	loc
täkunasv	loc
kassema	loc
riisipere valgejärv	loc
põhara	loc
soonurm	loc
hatt	loc
immakjärv	loc
savioja väike-soojärv	loc
mõninete	loc
krei	loc
alatsi	loc
kogrejärv	loc
väike asema	loc
teenus	loc
saiakoppel	loc
rumpo	loc
naisteväli	loc
kurtjärv	loc
salu	loc
kuri	loc
tohku	loc
reola	loc
sämi-tagaküla	loc
suur agusalu	loc
viirelaid	loc
mäemõis	loc
navajärv	loc
hatik edejärv	loc
russalu	loc
ala-palo	loc
kuuts	loc
viirinete	loc
nogu	loc
väike umbjärv	loc
kassiratas	loc
ahnejärv	loc
kuld	loc
pitkasäär maa	loc
saanalaht	loc
väike-nedrema	loc
taaravainu	loc
kiislova	loc
tammõ lump	loc
suur-pihl	loc
kuralane	loc
udriku	loc
esiküla	loc
ojapere	loc
naku	loc
selkare laidd	loc
riidaku	loc
mustu	loc
ogand	loc
pöör	loc
valgejärv	loc
metstuba kaasikjärv	loc
paadrema	loc
ilumägi	loc
pärst veskijärv	loc
juss väinjärv	loc
kärnamägi	loc
heibr	loc
maardla	loc
osmussaare pank	loc
mardihansu	loc
tubala	loc
eps	loc
rava	loc
tobraselg	loc
põlvamaa	loc
koikküla	loc
oossäär	loc
vadiküla	loc
mustanina	loc
tint	loc
kalatsova	loc
suuruks	loc
toolne	loc
ridamaa	loc
kondijärv	loc
kohala-eesküla	loc
karula sinejärv	loc
illi suur-umbjärv	loc
häädemeeste	loc
selglaid	loc
kokora kaanjärv	loc
ülemõis	loc
laiksaar	loc
paimvere	loc
jäneda	loc
paadikärunei	loc
raudlepp	loc
postilaht	loc
nigula raba laugas	loc
maur	loc
oblu	loc
tõikamägi	loc
jabara	loc
atika	loc
säinakare	loc
kadarpik	loc
leevaku	loc
nåtan	loc
emmusaar	loc
mõisaholm	loc
peer	loc
tiastõ	loc
arbijärv	loc
sendre	loc
vällämäe küläjärv	loc
aldreku	loc
raadna	loc
toruküla	loc
külaorg	loc
tali	loc
maade	loc
imastu	loc
pühameeste suurjärv	loc
longrund i	loc
jõks	loc
lähkma	loc
ulasrahu	loc
kuumi	loc
lõp	loc
väike-malusi	loc
vihatjärv	loc
pori	loc
veskilais	loc
illi väike umbjärv	loc
ima	loc
pruuna	loc
tsilguta väikejärv	loc
oju	loc
väikene saarjärv	loc
pada-aruküla	loc
harilaid	loc
vilajärv	loc
helmes	loc
mooste linnajärv	loc
liispõld	loc
hatik tagajärv	loc
puha	loc
ruuts	loc
suur-boose	loc
ilmandu	loc
sakssaar	loc
tuplevo	loc
kangrussaar	loc
undi	loc
vanamats laugas	loc
pabra	loc
soorind	loc
viira	loc
konts	loc
pääsküla	loc
sooski	loc
kängsepä	loc
võrumõis	loc
äriküla	loc
puru	loc
kurtna	loc
saarikuniidü	loc
kehra	loc
ülerahu	loc
kautjalg	loc
roosild	loc
valunete	loc
sanksaarõ	loc
võngjärv	loc
nõmba	loc
väike-juusa	loc
suur püha	loc
poruni	loc
tõrreküla	loc
tutermaa	loc
pull pank	loc
laekann	loc
mõranete	loc
rütavere	loc
haamne	loc
iiganete	loc
taugepää	loc
kolep mustjärv	loc
leerimets	loc
kärgula	loc
sahk	loc
sookallas	loc
tihku kolmas	loc
ekholm	loc
jurs	loc
mäeselg	loc
vilumägi	loc
räms	loc
mänspe	loc
karula	loc
roosna	loc
aitsra	loc
alusmatt	loc
irane	loc
karula papijärv	loc
sülgoja	loc
koimula	loc
viierist mägid	loc
verilase	loc
lagesoo laugas	loc
lahepere	loc
ämbra	loc
palo	loc
suur haanja	loc
vajangu	loc
kreo linajärv	loc
kambja	loc
mändsaar	loc
klooster salumägi	loc
undva pank	loc
väike puha	loc
kadjanete	loc
piigand	loc
pallasmaa	loc
kunda	loc
ojaäärne	loc
tõrdu	loc
kibaru	loc
mägar	loc
tähemaa	loc
sepp kari	loc
poots	loc
venejärv	loc
laiu	loc
papiaru	loc
veelikne	loc
koord	loc
vahalaid	loc
eistvere	loc
purga	loc
kitselaid	loc
tammevaldma	loc
kostkova	loc
kõrveküla	loc
kaistu lõpp	loc
saarnakk	loc
kesse	loc
pundsu mudajärv	loc
ülgane pank	loc
veisjärv	loc
maadevahe	loc
nõbu väike karujärv	loc
melesk	loc
teed	loc
roela tiik	loc
soitsjärv	loc
koppelmaa	loc
kaseküla	loc
pärst valuoja suurjärv	loc
valtina	loc
pühajõgi	loc
valgeraba	loc
kapulkere	loc
edre	loc
eenune	loc
elmrahu	loc
vastja	loc
tammelais	loc
kelu	loc
vantr	loc
unamets	loc
kaar	loc
ulle lõpp	loc
kuivastu	loc
heinjärv	loc
voose	loc
iira	loc
tuimõis	loc
seliküla	loc
salumets	loc
valgesoo	loc
rootsi	loc
tsäps	loc
kukk	loc
ruusmäe tsirkjärv	loc
pühameeste-laijärv	loc
tornimägi	loc
kavand	loc
ilistvere	loc
oosla maa	loc
pürks	loc
vahtsõjärv	loc
koorküla piirijärv	loc
maajärv	loc
lohusuu	loc
aheru	loc
kallaste pank	loc
meerapalu	loc
endla sinijärv	loc
mäekülä	loc
sooalunete	loc
ristipalo	loc
assamalla	loc
teedla	loc
palanumäe	loc
vähkjärv	loc
vinnora	loc
luik	loc
kiigeveri	loc
aulepp	loc
kadakas	loc
ärma	loc
puugnits	loc
mätasselg	loc
türnä	loc
jõgeveste	loc
kotinukk	loc
kooraste palujärv	loc
paramaja	loc
hertsemaa silm	loc
pirmastu	loc
võhmanõmm	loc
kelnane	loc
vasikakuiv	loc
röösa	loc
häni	loc
suur plaksi	loc
veneveri	loc
kõrma	loc
oela	loc
puur	loc
reikama	loc
majala	loc
karula rebasejärv	loc
mähunete	loc
kannel	loc
veskiaru	loc
kõrgemägi	loc
kakumets	loc
kohala	loc
tiik	loc
vans	loc
misso saarjärv	loc
kobo	loc
suur kõrb	loc
alapõder	loc
taganurk	loc
tirb	loc
saukne	loc
ihamaru	loc
väikene palojärv	loc
vasknarva	loc
massu	loc
rakk	loc
aas	loc
rood	loc
purtsa	loc
kuura	loc
orav mustjärv	loc
suur mutijärv	loc
paunküla linajärv	loc
sookatse	loc
piis	loc
väike savijärv	loc
soela	loc
koots	loc
nihujärv	loc
võhu	loc
putkelaid	loc
lahavere	loc
suur kaevandu	loc
määvel	loc
pirgu	loc
karjatsimeri	loc
näsuvere	loc
oese	loc
tõrvane	loc
pikat	loc
väimela alajärv	loc
hänga	loc
väiko-härmä	loc
võõbu	loc
tiigijärv	loc
võsu	loc
abula	loc
prest vike	loc
länga	loc
tseema	loc
matsijärv	loc
koela	loc
pühadekare ii	loc
pikklaugas	loc
ookatku	loc
kaisma väikejärv	loc
murat	loc
piirakajärv	loc
sarvemägi	loc
dibyträske	loc
kavastu	loc
laura	loc
preeksa palujärv	loc
patjalg	loc
kahru	loc
poldilaidd	loc
taugabe	loc
suur viik	loc
hans	loc
pärnamägi	loc
võtikvere	loc
vaida	loc
mäe-kõoküla	loc
imar	loc
per	loc
roostoja	loc
võls	loc
ooknapee	loc
laatrõjärv	loc
koeru	loc
laug	loc
saalune palojärv	loc
ahvenajärv	loc
kamenka	loc
mudinete	loc
taikne	loc
pitkjärv	loc
purka	loc
mura	loc
örd	loc
stor rågö	loc
taagepera	loc
truuta	loc
tiglane	loc
meiste	loc
kirp	loc
moka	loc
noonu	loc
pusa	loc
armine	loc
vaal	loc
kungla	loc
tobias	loc
nutt	loc
sinejärv	loc
kirikumägi	loc
iravere	loc
lutepää	loc
liiva-putla	loc
niitväli	loc
raka	loc
kahula	loc
kirivald	loc
laas	loc
ilpla	loc
haaslava	loc
järvepalau	loc
kääbas palujärv	loc
kogerjärv	loc
vana-antsla	loc
kits	loc
auküla	loc
koljalg	loc
nõmbra	loc
valma	loc
ardla	loc
tuud	loc
vana-kaiu	loc
savimets	loc
tagula	loc
kiid	loc
pahtpää	loc
tiirimets	loc
jaanissaarõ	loc
tammeküla	loc
kaisma suurjärv	loc
tahojärv	loc
nakrijärv	loc
ahijärv	loc
sarikuniidü	loc
kirisaar	loc
härmajärv	loc
päkk	loc
olustvere	loc
tõrga raba laugas	loc
marjamägi	loc
simuna	loc
kanarik	loc
vaskjalg	loc
griva	loc
värat	loc
nõudla	loc
separahu	loc
pala	loc
annejärv	loc
kaigas kogrejärv	loc
masila soo laugas	loc
pugõstu	loc
kurtna martiska	loc
põntsilaid	loc
rahula	loc
rõude	loc
kooraste kõverjärv	loc
käpp	loc
palamuse	loc
hainjärv	loc
sürgavere	loc
tilku	loc
pedassaar	loc
tagarahu	loc
kubjamaa	loc
metsapool	loc
väike väimela	loc
õudna	loc
vääna	loc
tääks	loc
vardja	loc
tiuka	loc
võle	loc
kulijärv	loc
mälitsjärv	loc
kurss	loc
kaivandu	loc
võiküla	loc
selgase	loc
aravu	loc
kriileväli	loc
koklipalu	loc
salava	loc
kiviora	loc
anilaid	loc
müta	loc
sirvak	loc
väike-pahila	loc
aruaed	loc
hinsa	loc
merikajakarahu	loc
kõrtsilaht	loc
kuajärv	loc
linnakse	loc
võrung	loc
vasejärv	loc
otepää	loc
usseaia-alune	loc
päelda	loc
söödialune	loc
pagas	loc
savastvere	loc
kakkna	loc
essemäe	loc
nautrasi	loc
kehala	loc
laanemets savijärv	loc
kaussjärv	loc
pikane	loc
sauemeri	loc
meiunete	loc
suuregi laid	loc
kaadsijärv	loc
jantra	loc
pitkasääremaa	loc
võibla	loc
meoma	loc
kobela	loc
kans	loc
turb	loc
kärrsläti	loc
juss kõverjärv	loc
kiil	loc
kaats mustjärv	loc
pisisaar	loc
poaka	loc
gutanäs	loc
akste	loc
tepia	loc
pasklep	loc
tilk	loc
albr	loc
luuri	loc
piisu	loc
hundisaar	loc
nägu	loc
marjamägi	loc
kaurijärv	loc
haidak	loc
pau	loc
lilastvere	loc
saartneem	loc
põdrune	loc
kronnsaar	loc
käriselg	loc
piilne	loc
nõmmeots	loc
rannakodu	loc
äntu linaleojärv	loc
kerkomä	loc
kaarlepp	loc
purk	loc
kanaküla	loc
pältre	loc
ehajärv	loc
tohkr	loc
vana-võidu mädajärv	loc
toomja	loc
rame	loc
remnik	loc
suurlaid	loc
liinujärv	loc
saval karstiala	loc
holm	loc
mäletjärv	loc
pihke	loc
jahukari	loc
urissaar	loc
purme abajas	loc
riisk	loc
kuradisäär	loc
põrstõ	loc
suur linajärv	loc
korgõssaarõ	loc
umalaid	loc
juuru	loc
jägala	loc
patküla	loc
roobuka	loc
laugas	loc
horsa	loc
varesmägi	loc
savala	loc
leev	loc
arusta	loc
mooste	loc
kaeveri	loc
käärikmäe	loc
männisalu	loc
pornune	loc
muks	loc
selkare ii	loc
vorop	loc
metsküla	loc
tsumba	loc
hani	loc
lall raba laugas	loc
pirita	loc
peebu	loc
kurtna mustjärv	loc
tartussaar	loc
arava	loc
voorbah	loc
kernu	loc
tammik	loc
urbuks	loc
vokk	loc
tamne	loc
väike-agusalu	loc
murojärv	loc
vetepere	loc
ambta	loc
kikiveri	loc
taberlaane	loc
naissaar	loc
möllats	loc
taa	loc
nedrema	loc
konju	loc
kaasikjärv	loc
puhatu-martiska	loc
sirgova	loc
märjamaa	loc
lobotka	loc
meossaar	loc
viivikonna	loc
piigand mustjärv	loc
tiisler land	loc
virk	loc
kihmla	loc
väike-tiuka	loc
juudikne	loc
lambalaht	loc
suur-antsulaid	loc
ülend	loc
vasikasaar	loc
vellavere kogrejärv	loc
pikakann	loc
keskmäne suujärv	loc
plokilaid	loc
pakerord pank	loc
laho	loc
väike-polt	loc
altmägi	loc
väike karinete	loc
painküla	loc
kirjaku	loc
soovik	loc
lemmküla	loc
kiisajärv	loc
räästma	loc
karksi-nui	loc
lämmijärv	loc
väike agusalu	loc
umarikjärv	loc
päidla suurjärv	loc
holstre mustjärv	loc
kosu	loc
urverahu	loc
pikaküla	loc
keo	loc
kirbujärv	loc
käpajärv	loc
kobru	loc
pjata	loc
anepesa	loc
kasaritsa verijärv	loc
küllikulaid	loc
soolu	loc
kiideva	loc
kat	loc
värska saareküla	loc
alliku	loc
lubi	loc
aherahu	loc
tiirlooed	loc
jõudga liivjärv	loc
raigaste	loc
tooste	loc
nohipalu	loc
nabala	loc
ruuda	loc
väike toatne	loc
ungumaa lõpp	loc
väike-venelaht	loc
tammsaar	loc
linnulaht	loc
paeveri	loc
mõnnunete	loc
metsamägara	loc
rabasaar	loc
ritsiko	loc
tobrova	loc
külm	loc
indaste	loc
kidine	loc
papijärv	loc
varangu	loc
ervta	loc
rehäjärv	loc
läänemeri	loc
neoste	loc
ristlaid	loc
praakmani	loc
norrsanken	loc
aidujärv	loc
orissaar	loc
pai	loc
surju	loc
kastre	loc
järumets	loc
üdruma	loc
rull	loc
kalesi	loc
kolgaküla	loc
kaisma raba laugas	loc
märg	loc
muna	loc
tõri	loc
erastvere	loc
vastseliina	loc
arjassaar	loc
kulna	loc
laadjalg	loc
ainja sinijärv	loc
läheveri	loc
loomalaid	loc
vällämäe vahejärv	loc
kärdla	loc
vanausse	loc
sirtsisoo laugas	loc
alatskivi mustjärv	loc
haanja kõverjärv	loc
jõevaar	loc
kaevats	loc
kodila-metsküla	loc
mõedaka	loc
lohkune	loc
kõrgesoo laugas	loc
sala	loc
tõrijärv	loc
munasaar	loc
kõdesi	loc
kooraste linajärv	loc
lääne-viru	loc
meegumäe pütaljärv	loc
loodna	loc
sudemäe	loc
tils	loc
kaeva	loc
suuresta	loc
äntu sinijärv	loc
tagajõgi	loc
serga	loc
holstre	loc
petasaar	loc
rahkjärv	loc
harjumägi	loc
pank	loc
koidma	loc
kaisma	loc
kuradijärv	loc
rams	loc
saadjärv	loc
konijärv	loc
jaanimägi	loc
jõku	loc
linajärvd	loc
mätasjärv	loc
kukulinn	loc
otste	loc
sant	loc
kestla	loc
viljandi	loc
paljaslaid	loc
lass	loc
saar lutikajärv	loc
pajuauk	loc
väike-veerksu	loc
karisööt	loc
mihkel	loc
sikana	loc
otipeipsi	loc
rannu	loc
tsiigunna	loc
käätso	loc
1. veskimõis	loc
endla suurlaugas	loc
aianete	loc
kõrvejärv	loc
ümerik	loc
andsumäe	loc
viruste	loc
boose väikejärv	loc
soolikne	loc
esiveri	loc
kikre	loc
pulgalaid	loc
sõbessoo	loc
arupäälne	loc
liivak	loc
mallerahu	loc
murakas	loc
väike-kõpp	loc
hellamaa rahu	loc
kleemu	loc
pukamäe	loc
kabila	loc
simula	loc
rupirahu	loc
tüükr	loc
säärelaht	loc
ringiste	loc
hinu	loc
holvant kiisajärv	loc
sabur	loc
haljalg	loc
misso kergomäe	loc
tooma linajärvd	loc
palam	loc
jõune	loc
unsa	loc
jaagarahu	loc
tihku suurjärv	loc
pilistvere	loc
nõoksedte	loc
avan	loc
lepplaas	loc
endla raba laugas	loc
rõuma	loc
kötajärv	loc
nihka	loc
vedama mustjärv	loc
kuusna	loc
kannastik	loc
tolla	loc
härjäsilm	loc
nässuma	loc
lehemets	loc
riksu laht	loc
väiku-kuikel	loc
vilsand	loc
vaiste läänejärv	loc
lossijärv	loc
aranete	loc
pattina	loc
vängla	loc
tserep	loc
sauste	loc
metstuba linajärv	loc
ikeperä	loc
saka-ontika-toila pank	loc
kubi vähajärv	loc
tärivere	loc
hiid	loc
jõerand	loc
suur haeska	loc
metsakivi	loc
tärkma	loc
loksa	loc
roks	loc
kuivakari	loc
varudi-vanaküla	loc
umbjärv	loc
ristikirik	loc
kaalep	loc
pekujärv	loc
mihkel ambos	per
juharka palkow	per
jaan õunap	per
mart elepson	per
juhhan tehwan	per
kirilla saharew lawägina	per
mai tätte	per
peter all,	per
hans wäin	per
tõnno kool	per
johan mällo	per
peter willak	per
jürri köpmann	per
siim lõve	per
willfried rosenthal	per
anders	per
miina lätt	per
i. köhler	per
mik piilbergi	per
hans flus	per
katre mit	per
päro wölmann	per
mari piir	per
johannes liiw	per
pantso	per
andres reisenpuk	per
juhan preimer	per
andres hendreksoni	per
kustas korpmanni	per
mihkel kriis	per
äe	LOC
andrus weskis	per
hans mihkli poeg laamann	per
adam sallop	per
johann rebane	per
tomas ohlo	per
peeter padar	per
tonnison	per
lisa liiw	per
kai waino	per
jaak erdmann	per
kenner	per
kustas walbet	per
johann	per
jaan steinberg	per
juh. kollom	per
jürri sewert	per
tawed einn,	per
jaan hargiga	per
fr. mandeli	per
jüri tomast	per
tõnis kuller	per
jaan mikkelsaar	per
andres klaup	per
ann iwanson	per
jaan briker	per
kusta iwanson	per
marri reismann	per
kustaw õunapu	per
simmon jeger	per
juhhan winkel	per
toomas rassohw	per
marri wunk	per
semjon osipow orlow	per
karel tudeberg	per
monssi	misc
juhan reisberg,	per
jaan räkk	per
mihaila borodkin	per
els tanni	per
peedu siimann	per
ann hanson	per
mari konnatam	per
karl wärtmann	per
märt reinomägi	per
ado raudmann	per
joosep siegberg	per
maert risand	per
josepil	per
peter bekman	per
juhan juhkam	per
nöelas	per
jaen huissel	per
isak kübbar	per
leena klopits	per
jakop teskar	per
jaan täral	per
joosep rommann	per
karl leitam	per
jaan ossanik	per
kargo hans	per
jüri ado p. trautfeldt	per
nikolskij	per
jürri markus	per
mihkel wetter	per
peter lang	per
redik leper	per
w.niclasen	per
karel kruusberg	per
mari sok	per
rütli märt	per
georgi ewstaphie p mets,	per
anders bymannil k	per
brigitta liljeros	per
gawril samailow	per
mihkel grewel	per
otto tiisweld	per
fritz zupsing	per
gustav eichenfeldt	per
mihkel jaana	per
hindrek kotsar	per
mai zirna	per
märt piiri j	per
n. patsel	per
pakka	loc
trifon alexejew barhatot	per
saara waak	per
tönno sahk	per
jaan tõns	per
jaan braunbrück	per
karel paap	per
karel tamberg	per
marja mihailowna serebrinikowa	per
tõnu kotkas	per
jaan tuwikenne	per
peeter kripsoon	per
karro	loc
josep wiruja	per
mihkel usler	per
jaan mitjan	per
pärdi	per
iwan bedny	per
jürri meinnardpom	per
kustas wiht	per
mihkli rauba	per
ado ladoga	per
tõnno kubjas	per
hans perdi	per
ado sepa	per
ado kassin	per
jaan kook	per
jakop piirberg	per
j. mauring	per
ewa ansmann	per
kusta lina	per
peeter leego	per
peeter mihkli p. hausperilt	per
tannil põld	per
kaarel traugott	per
mart oija	per
jaagup leetberk	per
karel paio	per
liso laar	per
kütipeter michel	per
hans alblom	per
jaan jõesar	per
madis urm	per
jacob pill	per
tomas kuk	per
constantin trömmert	per
jaan lustbergi	per
miina liiwi	per
mihkel kansi	per
kohtopea	per
carl mohrenschildt	per
jaan pukk jüri p.	per
hans siil	per
maddis tam	per
pritik pris	per
jaan kangru	per
olde subsi	loc
leena mirme	per
jaak tuhha	per
metsavaht Jakob Perramets	PER
jaan lint	per
karl sooper	per
: K. Borkwell	PER
kai nahkur	per
lutss adami jürri	per
ichelmann	PER
peeter kelder	per
iwan anupõld	per
lars ronbloma	per
jaan oeweraus	per
jaan neufeld	per
josep hersberg	per
jüri kütsen	per
jaan pindus	per
jürri kalk	per
hindrik lindov	per
miili ilwes	per
anton ritberg	per
jaakup simitor	per
juhan kõmmus	per
johan okenile	per
toomas assawei	per
jaan koor	per
kusta kasik	per
praskowja timofejewa pedaja	per
jüri hensen	per
peeter tälli	per
johan wilipo	per
jüri weesenberg	per
jürri claos	per
ürri Lind	PER
jaan alla	per
wasili sinilnikow	per
magnus marfeldt	per
reino petri ado	per
kibbemerdij	loc
martin anupõld	per
baron schilling	per
ado kullisson	per
jaan roijo	per
mai müller	per
j. grossthal	per
anton teinmann,juhan koukila	per
hindrek liiwam	per
tõnis jürna p. sidrin	per
kristjan kraus	per
josep abro	per
hindrik luk	per
kristow	per
marri arrokull	per
agneta rosenkwist	per
zimm lill	per
a. waldmann	per
juhan otsustalo	per
lewanti samilow	per
janus kübbar	per
liis kurrikule	per
liisu leuska	per
kurvits	per
mihkel wares	per
jakob kiwwi	per
jaak sillmann	per
aakre mv.	per
kaarel borkwell	per
mart järw	per
peter matson	per
ristjan Kowit	PER
hendrik orrik	per
fr. balzar	per
ado kuljuse	per
ann wihwelin	per
mari santmann	per
jakob parmann	per
peter leppik	per
hans rattasepp	per
tõnnis magnus	per
juhann kanna	per
peter saburi	per
saksakorti	loc
jürri simer	per
hendrik reisberg	per
ann kont	per
pertma jaan	per
mart wöörman	per
karel hallik	per
joh. lauristin	per
jaan lints	per
lenu prummel	per
andres hanson	per
jaan kuk	per
wassi jaan	per
juri reisenpuk	per
pridik kassesaba	per
ado kandelien	per
kaarel willand	per
leena rusalep	per
d	MISC
mai padar	per
mina peters	per
peter erik	per
mango ritson	per
tõnis pachk	per
moisawallitseja Funcke	PER
karl wind	per
jüri mädoh	per
peter mälton	per
abram amer	per
leena lõhmus	per
jaan södi	per
joosep andreson	per
duderowsky	per
toomas kõrwa	per
kerbil	per
madli nõmmik	per
mart samus	per
jaan tenn	per
karel uuk	per
liso kingisep	per
wanna Kool meister	PER
juhan hansoon	per
writs raudkütt	per
kristjan nuut	per
mihkel hints	per
juri oiderman	per
hans jantson	per
karl v. seidlitz	per
jaan tätte	per
juhannes jürmann	per
rein reismann	per
marri	per
jaan pusep	per
adu grohsbergi	per
karel tõrruwerre	per
jürri kurg	per
iwan pärt	per
jürri wilwal	per
peet rand	per
sirach	per
jaan lane	per
kadri soop	per
karli willand	per
mart ammer	per
tõnno riddalik	per
juhan leusk	per
juhan bachson	per
josep heideson	per
hindrik pilt	per
jaan luftberg	per
iwan muchin	per
tõno prits	per
karel jallak	per
marija bergström	per
johan mootz	per
n	MISC
jaan mattson	per
lars alštrem	per
peter luikmann	per
potahof	per
jaan uibu	per
karel adams	per
jakob tõnnison	per
mardi jürry reinfeldt	per
peep weijan	per
moksi	loc
jaan jaamul	per
jaan laur	per
aleksander pedriks	per
mari hansoni	per
hans kreisbek	per
mihkel sild	per
liiso karjus	per
hans jaanus	per
ann klaup	per
miina komosaar	per
karel ross	per
pil...	per
johann kleinart	per
jaan befeld	per
karel willand	per
jüri paatsi	per
märt labbi	per
leena jaani tütar teder	per
a. jakobsoniga	per
peter körro	per
sepa hants lindwesti	per
mart leppa jüri poja	per
jaak kreeps	per
kristjan zangow	per
anu kiisla	per
writs waaranow	per
gottlib andresson	per
tönnis rosenperri	per
wassili pisarew	per
marri weski	per
jakob raja	per
pobbol kittaski peter	per
fritz wiand	per
ann kihholane	per
karl hak	per
kusta aleksandri p. steinberg	per
lembgi	per
ann tomson	per
jürri leichter	per
leonti wiimne	per
liso sare	per
jaan saburi	per
kai truu	per
johan looduk	per
jurril	per
jakob lipp	per
schramm	per
kai karp	per
johann tragon	per
mik käsper	per
rode sell	per
jaan tuur	per
kusta eper	per
ado waldson	per
mihei isakow persidski	per
anastasija jefimowna	per
adu kihlewelt	per
juhhan ounapuud	per
jakopi poeg Jakob	PER
jaan tross	per
peter petson	per
andres waher	per
karel särk	per
juhhan hio	per
georgi luukas	per
josep karjus	per
jaan nerjusson	per
gustav reinmann	per
andres õunn	per
karel warb	per
michel tuwwi	per
kellet salt päers	loc
metsawallitseja grossi	per
kusta molloka	per
a. bernholm	per
anders jernström	per
nõmme jagub	per
jaan pickner	per
josep kaer	per
liis lamp	per
hindrik narusk	per
kats ait	per
sofia stenholm	per
maddis unt	per
mihkel lõhmus	per
melania siim	per
jurri lepp	per
liis kolo	per
peet pachk	per
lena tellert	per
alexander eisenschmidt	per
johan molok	per
j. raudjalg	per
matz ermann	per
joh. lyra	per
tomas maak	per
jüri larmi	per
hans mendel	per
marri linder	per
marri pachker	per
a. zastrow	per
peter grigorewits wolkonsky	per
karl johan george	per
kusta mõts	per
tälli	loc
mai, peetso	per
jakob neuhaus (koka kõrtsmik);	per
jaak matson	per
hindrik tätte	per
karl pälsing	per
hindrik palz	per
e. von wahli	per
jüri toom	per
foma maksimi p sepp	per
ain oddrak	per
hans erg	per
karl wahlberg	per
hans wenno	per
natalja lebetew	per
aron wilip	per
jaan pabo	per
jaan urgand	per
krisjan naruski	per
mart kuulepi	per
joseph leppasepp	per
mart womp	per
jaak päär,lesse	per
agneta alkwist	per
mihkel treumann	per
aadu takkis	per
reinhold otsing	per
aleksander timofejevi	per
hans hallikule	per
seppa karli maddis	per
juhhan karro	per
jürri oksa	per
perdi willem	per
mart leppik	per
pridik kleis	per
helmuth wilhelmi	per
marri willipson	per
toomas kärtmann	per
tönno soans	per
mart reinberg	per
kiige tehwe ratsow	per
johann tirgu	per
märt lääs	per
peter jakobi	per
madis wiidemann	per
andres taawitse	per
kustas gutmann	per
j. tartu	per
jaan unt	per
paul willemsonil	per
josep ambosse	per
mart neubauer	per
kustaw rõõmus	per
michel raukas	per
hans arno	per
katri mihkli lesk wölwe,	per
juhan õismann	per
ell	per
wassili gosofejev	per
johannes terras	per
aado eessi	per
johann kiin	per
karel rebbalel	per
kusta poks	per
karl ojasoni	per
ludwi sallu	per
jaan wares	per
jaan tiit'u p. läänson	per
kustaw kokka	per
aadam matt	per
els thomson	per
maria hanni	per
b mohrenschild	per
kägara märti poisid	per
tomas lep	per
jakow jakowlew sõischikow	per
mats kaarmanni	per
johan kilk	per
semen radionow	per
simon rüga	per
jakob greesch	per
k. judder	per
johann kõiw	per
adam tõruwere	per
silla	loc
tawed lonton	per
tõnnis h	per
rütli	loc
mand	misc
otto paja	per
liisu mänd	per
jaan raudsepa	per
j. korkman	per
joosep lodessoon	per
peter lahtein	per
koppel	per
dudorowski	per
hans tamm	per
karel holts	per
leeno herm	per
hans kallas	per
johann lorits	per
juhkama kaarl	per
jacob dreiman	per
daniel kerge	per
tõnnis soiewa	per
johan kansi	per
madli kibbuspu	per
jüri wiilson	per
karl ojasson	per
sibini	per
jakob saag	per
tõnno loik	per
tonnis täht	per
erikse ado	per
kerner mihkel oebius	per
elisaweta	per
daniel berg	per
kahn	per
treifeldt	per
andrus kerner	per
jaan käärik	per
jaan plaksi	per
marre köbbi	per
hans murro	per
willem punnin	per
jaan kimmel	per
aabram iiob	per
rein körwel	per
hans loot	per
madis õunapuu	per
kustas reispass	per
jaan nurkis	per
marja mihailowa	per
jaen ups	per
jaan buk	per
marri toks	per
leno paulmann	per
ado pann	per
rein meose	per
filip iwanow bednee	per
jacob kübarsep	per
liis lutzar	per
mai pehk	per
lars lundkwist	per
marri risikow	per
kurre mert	per
kai koksson	per
jaak nirk	per
ann tõnnisson	per
rina pirson	per
lisa eisenberg	per
anders storm	per
pfilip ilja	per
johan saawa	per
kustaw wända	per
jüri suder	per
mihkel tõnise p. reinberg	per
jüri kiik	per
margus mägi	per
peep grünberg	per
rein priidemann	per
mart tougo	per
michkel rum	per
ando paabo poeg kosapoeg	per
jaan kert	per
kusta michelsoni	per
redik armand	per
liis jürgenson	per
jakob tõnson	per
juhhan kõerw	per
matli kulla	per
tõnnis saar	per
hans männik	per
rannamõisas	per
lisa tomik	per
karl janson	per
nissu	loc
hindrik ränni	per
johan wiritet	per
kristjan	per
antip mihaelow	per
ado kupp	per
puuspa kustaw treibek	per
jürri lepp	per
juhan matsoni	per
kustaw kam	per
jürrij mäggi	per
johann thal	per
peeter joonas	per
peeter pedusoon	per
jakob markus	per
mart birkenbush	per
siim siim	per
jürri maddis	PER
jurri trumann	per
jaan pessur	per
jaan willmann	per
kirrila saweljew	per
kadri traks	per
jurri ligand	per
jakob rämman	per
peeter waabeli	per
pabo	loc
jürri unt	per
johann adelbert	per
jaan jakob	per
mihkel andruse poeg jundas	per
mert lugus	per
abram iiob	per
karel innu	per
hinrek tamea	per
johan rebase	per
jaan kuldkep	per
peter nerot	per
iwan fedorow baranin	per
jaan pindt	per
tõnis jüri poeg kütt	per
kiebe	loc
makor osipow	per
jaak pajo	per
liisu wanda	per
wälja otsa hantso	per
mekk	per
agafia gawrilowna kulakowa	per
tomas ernits	per
jaak eino	per
jaak sawwik	per
jaak saar	per
jaan metua	per
karl luik	per
jüri wahe	per
ado eideberg	per
jaan neegolts	per
johan kollom	per
allona saweljew	per
leno mick	per
joh. aripmann	per
metsawaht Josep Õunab	PER
tõnno närro	per
maddis pajo	per
hans errapardt	per
karli reiman	per
jaan tomson	per
jaan saarman	per
hindrek mardi p. künstler	per
gustav edro	per
freymann.	per
pobbol jose jaan	per
peter töu	per
madis isup	per
jürri frik	per
constantin tamberg	per
midri jakowlewi	per
jüri pooman	per
laes puu	per
joosep kure	per
pibari juhhanile	per
kottard otsustalo	per
peter lähti	per
hans laan	per
hinrik	per
jakopil	per
petsi ado	per
peter pihlakas	per
kusta saar	per
hindrik sonnatar	per
mart ja jaan peetri p. prussakid	per
endrik tammemägi	per
jaan prokman	per
mikk wilipsooni	per
sassi krõõt	per
mihkel koppiil	per
hindrik juksaar	per
mart okas	per
hans kefig	per
awerjan iwanow rumantsow	per
kustas maesner	per
jakob kerra	per
kiwweste juhhan	per
hans kõppo	per
jaan risk	per
thomas till	per
karl willand	per
abram soo	per
mihkel tonberg	per
prits hamermann	per
ado kup	per
andres lõhmus	per
danil kristowingki	per
j	per
andres reek	per
kurre	loc
jaan anton	per
hants sep	per
jahn	per
jürri innosaar, jakob sepmann, tõnnis rist, jürri kruusmann, jürri allikas, jürri jõudowatt, jürri niemeister, jürri oilm.	per
juh. jürgens	per
hindrik palo	per
peeter karpow baschmakow	per
friedrich arndt	per
jürri krusell	per
kusta raud	per
jakob habenik	per
aleksnder tudeberg	per
natalja semenowa	per
tönno titso	per
peter polak	per
liso pölder	per
hans polgas	per
h: strute	per
tosso kaarli jürri	per
jüri pukk	per
sandri	per
jaan säkna	per
annu krusberg	per
erikse	loc
jaan walgerist	per
hans eström	per
johannes jaani p. leberg	per
palwerre	loc
gottlieb mägi	per
joh. petersoon	per
abram habakuk	per
rein siil	per
carl tiedemani	per
kotta piir	per
lena harro	per
joosep sults	per
hans mardi	per
mihkel haidakow	per
leena jamo	per
heinrich obst	per
hans kokk	per
rosenpflanzer	per
mart roode	per
marri sarwa	per
jürri trull	per
jaan pille	per
juhhan nautrasse	per
jaan hörden	per
marri puura	per
hans pajo	per
fedot kondratjew polakow	per
pert saarman	per
hendrek reinhold	per
johan zirn	per
wallamees Karel Puusep	PER
josep wigant	per
ernitz thomsonil	per
m.anikow	per
kustaw wälja	per
saddola juhhani tüttar ann	per
mart niggul	per
jaan ado poeg wask	per
mina plum	per
jaak tõõtsow	per
mats tiit	per
mees Jürri Usen	PER
jaan idam	per
nadeschda muraschowa	per
sohwi weideberk	per
ado armwert	per
tönno sarik	per
karel koido	per
jaan narusk	per
joosep parson	per
möldre jürri sodam	per
priidu jüri p. tänawa	per
johan luk	per
johann bleier	per
seppa tomas	per
juhan wanda	per
mihaila semenow petuhow	per
jürri lipstahl,	per
hans mägi	per
ado hansu p. weinberg	per
kusta mollok	per
johan kollsar	per
frey	per
josep wiljus	per
ado jüri p. luberg	per
joh tälli	per
hindrek herman	per
jaak thomingas	per
august mäggi	per
mart pedriks	per
rein sild	per
jüri nikker	per
jaan piirsooni	per
hindrik põld	per
carl rosenthal	per
lause hans	per
johan ronk	per
jaan kuslap	per
josep willipson	per
jaan mührman	per
tõnnis läne	per
johan paal	per
juhan jbjus	per
peter koor	per
tanni roos	per
johann kippi	per
jakop wahher	per
jaan lap	per
priidu mihkli p. onnult	per
johan kolsar	per
otto janoff	per
jürna pilt l naene an	per
ann Paljak	PER
juhan mühling	per
jürri suitsu	per
michel niggul	per
tanno	per
jaan espe	per
jaan wiljuse	per
iwan stepanow kurillow	per
hants tiismuš	per
schwanen	per
miina piir	per
jürri saks	per
peeter birki	per
ado soob	per
paap pedmanson	per
jakob rubis	per
m.roth	per
simmu kõmmus	per
dimitri sulp	per
mihkel teäär	per
jaan muda	per
mart herma	per
jakkob waddi kaarli poeg	per
krõõt mihkle t. wiideman	per
mees Otto Reinmann	PER
eugen adolfi pog. adamsoni	per
murri	loc
reet linnask	per
an arroso	per
josep öunapu	per
meljon jakalehw	per
otto kreus	per
johan org	per
rein hüts	per
jakow nikitin baranina	per
jaan reihmann	per
pukki simo	per
kustaw joosepson,juhan tomula ja jaan pluum	per
mihkel pöld	per
lawrenti rõibakow	per
toommas ohmaan	per
mihkel tomppel	per
mari riesenberg	per
mart trei	per
mart martin	per
johann ruddi	per
fritz warrusberg	per
priidik jüri poeg nõmm	per
jüri peremees jüri kraanweldt	per
ado põldmann	per
kai maurus	per
ann salmann	per
johann hanso poeg janig	per
jakop wahhe	per
triinu heinman	per
c.v.seidlitz	per
johhan klaudius	per
ann lepp	per
ann einberg	per
iwan maiibergi	per
liis jukka	per
karl pihhus	per
jaan etro	per
otto kirschenberg	per
karli talteri	per
jahn lill	per
hindrik tälli	per
mihkel soomann	per
reinom loopmanom	per
liis sulbi	per
juhan waltmann	per
widrik kõrressaare	per
karl jaani p elberg	per
märt wiira	per
jaan kiik andrese poeg	per
marri loor	per
ano mäekink	per
johan wossman	per
jaan,  tuhha	per
awet Songro	PER
tootz	per
maddis puk	per
joosep saukand	per
mihkel teman	per
benjamin liiw	per
tõnno pirke	per
karl ernitsa	per
jan andresov orrin	per
daniel koogi	per
j. peddelman	per
märt kuruk	per
tomas waher jakob poeg	per
jüri jakobi p. raasman	per
josep sarwa	per
andres tilga	per
rusen	per
hans terik	per
jurrij matzi	per
jürri wisman	per
juhan mühltamm	per
pabu talu	per
daawid raudsepp	per
juhhan kuusk	per
marri mitti	per
tavet lontov	per
tisler müller	per
juhhan weisenfeldt	per
a. kaan	per
jacob kass	per
juhan jaani p. paal	per
mats kaarmann	per
peeter torga	per
pridrik laal	per
peter weinberg	per
reinhold umblia	per
jaan ottan	per
hans waldek	per
an paatz	per
walli peter	per
mihkel sternfeldi	per
hinrek wadam	per
hans käärdi	per
iwan fedorow	per
krööt jona	per
adam reinwalt	per
jakob zubbas	per
jüri walli	per
peppe	loc
jaan tennosaar	per
ludwig kosso	per
jaan kloren	per
iwan oserow	per
ann weetõus	per
baron stackelbergi	per
leonti makejew pusanow	per
kruse	per
mari jaaks	per
peakohtumees maddis waddi	per
tõnis orjaki	per
marri kras	per
matz reitdorff	per
ado leo	per
jürri kleinsepp	per
mefed mikifejew külow	per
mart sichberg	per
juhl	per
juhan pärnits	per
anna belis	per
m.treiberk	per
lena oeigus	per
tõnnu webri	per
peter tälli	per
joosep alewit	per
karel andressonil	per
anton schmidt	per
hans tiina	per
baron von stackelberg	per
jaan lipping	per
ado adelberg	per
ado halmann	per
paap karpson	per
mihkel wäärand	per
hans wiilosius	per
jürrij preisohni	per
arwid von braschi	per
mik piilberg	per
mihkel puistaja	per
mihkel lember	per
juhannes reinmann	per
anne kolo	per
jaan assur	per
tõnno janow	per
karl tammik	per
andres timbermann	per
triinu willibald	per
andres taberland	per
ado niemeister	per
juhhan allik	per
juhan uukareda	per
kordi	loc
karel andermann	per
tomas lepp	per
juhan nokku	per
hendrik semmel	per
iwan jakimow	per
peeter hausper	per
johann pilt	per
juhhan öunn	per
aadu wähi	per
metsa üllevatajaga	PER
arnold i lidii saarmo	per
anders nörback	per
treumann	per
hans siller	per
tõnis marksonile	per
endrik lätte	per
josep kunsing	per
leo janus	per
peter paide	per
leenu reispas	per
darja werewkina	per
mai kuiw	per
heinrich schultz	per
jaan parmson	per
polli jürri	per
jürri sildnik	per
jakob kaer	per
leenu luige	per
tönno ratman	per
joosep mardi p. paawel	per
ivan semenow kusnezow	per
jaan ruus	per
leenu wiinberg	per
johannes pekk	per
rein hansu p. kredemann	per
simon eber	per
jaan pihho	per
marri lillo	per
jaan almann	per
peeter wall	per
johan kuruk	per
daniila kurnossow	per
ann int	per
mart paumann	per
johan erg	per
mihkel all	per
kustas kuswalt	per
tönno wattmann	per
jaan piirmann	per
abram käer	per
jagu tõnnise	per
jakop mitnei	per
karl sok	per
wido hürra	per
jüri wiesenberg	per
jaan tisman	per
anno jürgens	per
kongas	per
mart johani p. martinsoni	per
lizo izob	per
siim wõrk	per
christian weisner	per
kusta kook	per
jaan timmusk	per
oja jurri jurgenson	per
saia	per
jegor ameljanow	per
aleksei iwani p. mänd	per
johan johansoon	per
pedo krieb	per
marri möldere	per
jakob toots	per
wassili mitrifanow	per
kustas miller	per
hinrik öunapu	per
michaelise	per
pridik onemar	per
jürri jürri poeg lintrop	per
anders öman	per
paap oijoland	per
mihel ewart	per
jüri tomingas	per
jaan lauk	per
jüri tomson	per
willem sentifoli	per
werdinand haak	per
pallu	loc
marija rönngvisti	per
mai pernitson	per
toomas kilu	per
hans jallak	per
mats steinbill	per
karl haalmann	per
madis tam	per
jüri piiper	per
jüri tarwast	per
jaan johani	per
hans kili	per
hans sepper.	per
jennese matz	per
p	misc
kubja tõnu lismann	per
marie simoi	per
kristjan kiltre	per
hans paets	per
mihkel rosendal	per
ann kewend	per
peeter ratik	per
andrei klaas	per
jürri oja	per
hans pallaw	per
mihel	per
liiso seimann	per
abraham kibbe	per
trino pöltsman	per
tönnis ring	per
jüri kruns	per
hans reinu p wiilup	per
jaan reise	per
adam	per
joosep sepp	per
juhan koortmann	per
n. von wahli	per
tannil lyra	per
hindrik parmann	per
jaan norenberg	per
jürri tolm	per
widrik arop	per
marhwa jefimowna	per
jakob juur	per
mart retter	per
j.sööt	per
peter märtinson	per
mihkel tamm	per
jurri hallikas	per
margus paul	per
rein kõrwel	per
hans watzar	per
pridik krais	per
elias läst	per
kusta mollokale	per
otza	loc
jaan welper	per
jaan mühlberg	per
johan pirke	per
pärtel silm	per
tõno joll	per
kuusiku madli jürienberg	per
peter ansohn	per
ado tamm	per
jagu tõnnis	per
timofei prokowjew	per
karel tanni	per
tõnu pirke	per
j. zwiebelberg	per
peeter simmer pawli poeg	per
peter winter	per
hans mihkle p. silberg	per
ann purka	per
aehurawt	misc
mihkel järw	per
jaak anton	per
jaan ritsoni	per
hans rimak	per
jakob kutzar	per
kadri t	per
jaan nerru	per
truta	per
hans lööser	per
andrus kübbar	per
an wiermann	per
johan wihwelin	per
jaan ristmann	per
jürri trak	per
tönu dideberg	per
ado sarik	per
hindrek kärblane	per
peter kressmann	per
jürri elme	per
marri kiwwi	per
karl pertmann	per
jakob hallik madise poeg	per
liso pertman	per
jürri töldsep	per
n.mägi	per
willem lii	per
juhhan tomik	per
hans jostow	per
mõisa maa piddajale Johann Kalda	PER
luka iwanow djuk	per
kaarel borkwell	per
toomas wiigar	per
jaga ewa walja	per
kangru	loc
peeter uripääle	per
ann peeterson	per
jaan aruella	per
otto kuusk	per
jaan wärwa	per
kustas reinberg	per
peeter kusik	per
hans idam	per
ado wolrat	per
möksi jakob	per
josep piirson	per
liisu isop	per
märt rätsep	per
jaan mihkelsohn	per
jaan weskimets	per
ann paas jaani lesk	per
jürri ithal	per
aado mihkli p. wismus	per
keart uwits	per
r. priidemann	per
ann töns	per
hans juhkams	per
jaan samm	per
leenu pahkwerk	per
marri ounman	per
juhan kiljak	per
jaan leben	per
tiina kägo	per
liso pajo	per
mihke treialt	per
pawel nasarew jewa	per
tõnu püll	per
von Günzel	PER
liso lindow	per
feodor saharow lawõgin	per
w. niclasen	per
thomas lep	per
ilja maksimow muchin	per
jaan töntso	per
liesu leppik	per
johann matsari	per
jula sinnik	per
sutlepa	loc
juri goldberg	per
karl tammanni	per
maert kollo	per
katto kiljak	per
koskora	loc
liisu naudi	per
grigorii muhcin	per
jakob leben	per
ed. ramm	per
jaan nourus	per
mihkel pulst	per
an int	per
peep narrusk	per
katrina schulpack	per
adam rossenstrauh	per
wido kirilow	per
jaak allik	per
hans jürgenthal	per
adam blum	per
joseph mauringi	per
mart perdig	per
liis rüütli	per
jaan mitti	per
marre korell	per
jaan kott	per
jaan lari	per
anu roosa	per
peeter madison	per
jaan hanso poeg juhans	per
jaan kubjas	per
jaan paabil	per
juhhan berg	per
mihkel west	per
mart janno	per
hans laos	per
mart paugus	per
jakob simoi	per
joseph leppasep	per
mihkel oun	per
a.radik	per
mihkel tau	per
karel trauerg	per
kusta matsin	per
juhan tenosaar	per
simbo larats	per
jaak klaup	per
kristja kasse	per
mart trost	per
josep kruuts	per
mihkel sihwer	per
hans peeti	per
kristjan kas	per
jaan hirmo	per
prussak	per
josep issak	per
tõnnis rosenberg	per
august wellmann	per
baron v. t.	per
karel suits	per
madli sampu	per
jüri post	per
tõnis johanni poeg riener	per
anton bach	per
hindrik tilk	per
lars lindströmi	per
johan opmann	per
a. ruse	per
michli kossar	per
tõnu steinmann	per
michklile	per
juhan juul	per
mihkel tarutin	per
peter allas	per
willem herrä	per
peetri poeg jaan mennik	per
johhan reinold	per
hans freibach	per
peep obrand	per
karl sik	per
jaan ostra	per
wille	per
kustas koppel	per
redik tarkmeel	per
jüri ado p. pent	per
hansul	per
willem rõõmus	per
a.benholm	per
kristjan sarwa	per
köösi	loc
anton wedorow	per
kustaw kadanik	per
juhhan reinold	per
wladimir krimitski	per
gustav kusik	per
kristian potter	per
tõnno leppa	per
jaan sallo	per
juhan piiskoppi	per
anders notmann,johan ömann,johan hörensten,anders förberg,johan förberg,hans thomson,johan thomson,anders	per
mihkel küll	per
hans tannel	per
michel liew	per
mart nahkur	per
madli kristofi  tütar jürik	per
mart tomasov krup	per
juhhan nõmm	per
rein tiks	per
jürri walkenklau	per
juhan welsker	per
karel tehwan	per
wido lorand	per
adu sengbusch	per
juhan takis	per
mihkel kruse	per
mihkel jallak toma poeg	per
hans isop	per
jürri treial	per
anna filipjewna dekuhina	per
lesiko jakob tolmaz	per
adam kuuse	per
aleksander room	per
ninna preestri	per
märt narwa	per
karel tuk	per
ado natuse	per
marri warb	per
johan uggur	per
jaan haaw jüri poeg	per
jakopi hansoni	per
karel wärblane	per
hans lindström,anders lindström	per
peeter aunapuu	per
karl pak	per
karel toon	per
magdalena ibis	per
anna lutsius	per
gertrud byman	per
karel rebbale	per
juhan juhani poja juhansoni	per
karl parwei	per
hans kuusperk	per
liso narrits	per
liso eber	per
wenelase sergei	per
kusta teral	per
jaan ja hans hanso p. robbade	per
marri kraus	per
michel waldt	per
hans krustik	per
tolmats	per
jekim andrejew sadownikow	per
madis nõmmik	per
natalie mürs	per
joest mihkelson	per
tiina jaani	per
aakre mõis	loc
gustav eper	per
anna tooma t. weber, sünd leeser	per
juhan wesingi	per
hindrek musting	per
jurri tonnisson	per
gustaw wigand	per
joosep neps	per
jakob wisileht	per
rein (roman) jaagu p. mikkow (ka mikko ja mikk)	per
jürri wilman	per
widu kübbar	per
adamehanso	loc
anno aunapu	per
ado tals	per
ann jakobson	per
mari kustawi t. palmberg, sünd. karoll,	per
michel weinglas	per
josep etro matzi poeg	per
jaan johanson	per
pridik tunis	per
tõnno hördeni	per
michel kallo	per
jakob tilgand	per
peter leppind	per
mihkel oja	per
marri tedderi	per
mõisav	per
tannil seme	per
an pärtman	per
mihkel toompuu	per
jakob meibaum	per
märt jersolaw	per
lotto	per
annus kuslap	per
toomas koolmeister	per
kustaw johanson	per
jakop koit	per
johan issaksoni	per
johann ränk	per
peter kripson	per
otto priberg	per
kusta piiri	per
jaan lintberg	per
weera aadu lesk kaasik	per
kustaw	per
aleksei koppel	per
jaan ilwes	per
peeter brenneli	per
anno kapp	per
lawrentij timofejewi	per
jaan pehk	per
tõnno mihkel	per
gustaw soiewa	per
jaani armanni	per
liis pütsep	per
jaan töltsep	per
hans kansi	per
tönno tönnisson	per
tiina andruse lesk allik	per
wiido kübard	per
k. kuutmann	per
peter niemann	per
ann milder	per
ado kowit	per
mart erikson	per
iwan georgi p tõnsau	per
johann weimann	per
stein	per
laes kuub	per
juhhan preibach	per
juhhan willemsohni	per
alexander mattis	per
peeter weinberg	per
olof schneidermann	per
madis tamm	per
jaan jõggi	per
gottlieb hansing	per
aan Hanso poeg Keigo	PER
markus allika	per
hindrek käerdi	per
ann õigus	per
jurri wähhi	per
adam warrusk	per
willem mülleri	per
liiso uukado	per
josep kallaus	per
josep allika	per
kusto seene	per
juhan erik	per
jaan piirson	per
jaan tatrik	per
maddis wadd	per
peter kiter	per
johan mutsost	per
jüri jüri poeg reimtal	per
jüri piile	per
hindrik põldmann	per
juhhan kalda	per
johann aadamson	per
kotard tingas	per
kusta kilk	per
wiido reinu p. narusberg	per
ferdinand koose	per
tönnisse	per
paawel smirnow	per
mart loddo	per
mart wettmann	per
johan herrmann	per
elis jõggi	per
perens	per
jaan kummel	per
tio	per
ernst härms	per
tonnis rist	per
aakre mõisa kõrtsimees hans maarfeldt	per
frits waldman	per
mik hallik juhani poeg	per
liina lepson	per
rehbinder	per
marri willart	per
kustaw wahhi	per
ewa kuuswald	per
m hansen	per
mihkel lohk	per
kustas erdtrei	per
mari loduk	per
andrus tänawa	per
hans sönorm	per
mai wosmann	per
hans sepp	per
kustas nõmm	per
willem kõdar	per
jaan wigla	per
jürri siirmann	per
tönno hörden	per
maddis pomm	per
mihkel hütt	per
tawi tarkmeel	per
mik tuttenpall	per
juhhan bringfeldi	per
liisu pullmann	per
karl jüri poeg mäemann	per
paul mark	per
jahn grünfeldt	per
johan kõllamõts	per
andrus eik	per
aakre mõis	per
kaarli	per
hans teppan	per
juhan latt	per
adam saag	per
juhani tomas	per
hans siman	per
anno ahtmann	per
kulli hans hermannil	per
tõnu leinkop	per
juhhan mitt	per
ahjawalla	loc
peter kaddakas	per
peep lük	per
j. jürgenfeli	per
hans sang	per
ado waltson	per
natalja	per
jakob iis,	per
wassili mihailow pisarew	per
peter rautsepp	per
jaan  sokk	per
juhha undt	per
karl windile	per
möldre hans stänbergi	per
j. rosneek	per
an tööring	per
tavet kuu	per
jürri prisson	per
anik paks	per
jaan mäeos	per
adam jaansoon	per
k.trauberg	per
märt schulzenberg	per
jaan orak	per
märt jõegewa	per
widrik  luha	per
pulli mihkel	per
jürri, meinnartpoom	per
margk	per
willem otti	per
mihkel jaani p. starrkopf	per
triinu awikul	per
ann thom	per
karel messi	per
jaan timiaan	per
magnus ohlmann	per
jürri koosler	per
karel haran	per
ado ein	per
feodor päästel	per
kaarel möldre	per
jaan sillart	per
jürri nõm	per
jürri errabard	per
anton jairus	per
jaan terras	per
mart kustmann	per
jaan tiss	per
rütli jaan hargi	per
jakob pihel	per
kiige jaani	per
anders gärdström	per
mihkel wakrööm	per
hans herberger	per
mihkel adewits	per
jaan jaansohn	per
karel isob	per
kai plowits	per
kittaski karel	per
andres jakubi poeg lindström	per
kaarel kruusberg	per
jaak michelson	per
wasili iwanow politanow	per
toomas saart	per
jürri pambärg	per
ludwig krünberg	per
tunckhe	per
tomas pöldson	per
t.kuu	per
jüritõnu	loc
thomas laas	per
jaan waaksar	per
jürri ausmann	per
johann pusep	per
antrese jahni	per
juhan reinu p. kredemann	per
tomas pöldsohn	per
wenne juhhan	per
jaan parn toma poeg	per
jaan ritson	per
jürri kaio	per
hendrik piirberg	per
simmo	per
peter wälling	per
kadri reitaf	per
ans wisso	per
johan sjöman	per
joosep alla	per
jaan neerut	per
peter tilgson	per
mikk wilipson	per
palla mõisa	per
lena lük	per
daniel koosa	per
johan hargi	per
hans põhhako	per
a. von sivers	per
ann kooli	per
johan köllamöts	per
liis tilba	per
juhann reinnold	per
hans tähnas	per
karel saaremaa	per
jürri rantii	per
hendrik heidow	per
jaan anijalg	per
mihkli jakob	PER
peter loitt	per
m.kauman	per
peeter matson	per
jacob rätsepp	per
mihkel kuub	per
jakob martson	per
m. müller	per
wilhelmine wenzel	per
els tarkus	per
mari salop	per
juhhan popu	per
kadri silma	per
tönnis antin	per
peeter weisberg	per
a. kaerik	per
enno tooma	per
karl walling	per
mari pill	per
mihkel kreeps	per
karl ernitz	per
märt pirsko	per
g. lauter	per
abram einsoki	per
jaan michelsoni	per
liisu matson	per
peter terras	per
rein usa	per
jaan tomani	per
hindrik pedoksaare	per
maddis pernitson	per
peter ups	per
jakob liisi	per
wiira	loc
leppa	per
jakob pärnitsoni	per
christian weissneri	per
kordij johann	per
pridu jehhe	per
jaak reimann	per
juri juro	per
rätsep Meyere emand	PER
kustaw zupsmann	per
jaan lambing	per
lars sjöman	per
hinn prems	per
mihkel indo	per
jüri prannu	per
jürri mölder	per
michle jürgenson	per
kusta pihlak	per
kadri kala	per
anu kalli	per
gegor bauloff	per
peeter roth	per
jürri sultz	per
karel läst	per
benjamin kahn	per
märt terras	per
hindrik räbüs	per
simon waldmann	per
jakob renkwist	per
kristian kiudorw	per
arronda johanni pois andres	per
peter polakene	per
tönnis allast	per
kasiko hanso	per
janus leo	per
jüri kalt	per
udde annusk jürri	per
maddise andrese	per
kusta blum	per
jaan mihkelson	per
otsa tõnno	per
hindrik pissa	per
karel kallaus	per
juri link	per
tiina treier, jaani tüttar	per
kusta tilba	per
mihkel hansen	per
mihkel ludwi	per
mart themas	per
konsa ann	per
pukka	loc
juhan teimann	per
mihkel pärnn	per
jurri laars	per
jakob tõrruwerre	per
mikk makk	per
hans saarlin	per
gustav dülken	per
jaan abakuk	per
daniel kure	per
jürri taberland	per
mihkel südda	per
mihkel käärik	per
leno lindeworst	per
weera kaasik	per
jaan sorga	per
karl kirsenberg	per
juhan wunder	per
jaan tennokene	per
johan kilkile	per
juhan jäärits	per
mihkel wahher	per
ado rööm	per
peeter tork	per
kustas pöldoid	per
karel welt	per
kusta iwansoon	per
jürri kusküll	per
juhhan küt	per
karl willakow	per
woldemar peterson	per
marfa dutkina	per
josep loddu	per
e. noliken	per
jaan spinner	per
toomas altwelt	per
maksim krasjochin	per
leena timberg	per
ann rätsep	per
mai nurmwal	per
madi	per
johann lenossohn kastagne	per
an mattis	per
kadri tönnisma	per
johann kuul	per
mihkel toi	per
jaak haas	per
jaan lepland	per
marja iwanowa simagina	per
peeter kripsoon	per
jüri multoff	per
feodor alexejew werowkin	per
juhhan ilwes	per
jaen siggus	per
jaan müirsep	per
ann kulpas	per
liisa jaani t. jaar (jaal)	per
hariton tulin	per
jaan zirk	per
johann menow	per
kusta koor	per
jakob wetman	per
johan rootslase	per
jürri lipstahl	per
hind. hansinge	per
hindrek prom	per
jürri wilba	per
juhan melles	per
hans riiska	per
rusnek	per
tönnis nitim	per
mari glükk	per
jüri naudi	per
liis klaus	per
otto simsoni	per
anna klaus	per
jakob juhkami	per
jürri mard	per
johan wiritet	per
kusta molokale	per
tomas vaher jakobi poeg	per
mihkel oidermann	per
kustaw lappard	per
jaan hak	per
jakob kruus	per
jaan ladoga	per
mikk rebbane	per
liis keertmani	per
william jerring	per
ahja walla	per
josep pekko	per
johan	per
maddis traks	per
ado leesik	per
marris roost	per
peter tächt	per
sootse	loc
hans tõnnisberg	per
jaan peia	per
mart ilwes	per
juhhan wende	per
jaan reinhold	per
hans ehrenwerth	per
karel  kändler	per
karel kurs jago p.	per
mari bertelson	per
andres kaleprun	per
ans sikk	per
panso	loc
gustav tõnu p. ummas	per
turba	per
jaak rekandist	per
märt roots	per
jakob roosimägi	per
ungern-sternberg	per
karel kosse	per
jaan wisileht	per
andrei ossipow tiktinnikow	per
johan oken	per
johan mikelsaar	per
mihkel nabbi	per
juhan kerra	per
ottu tamme	per
marri kutzari	per
leena jüri tüttar robach	per
peter wesk	per
jürri sammust	per
marri prosowits	per
jakop hab	per
jakow simonow	per
mart pirson	per
kordy	loc
saia kottart	per
hans juur	per
jakob must	per
julie obram	per
jüri tõnise poeg sihwer	per
darija jegorowna	per
josep leppasep	per
willem oll	per
jürri kukke	per
e. von lilienfeld	per
jospi	misc
peeter käär	per
johan mooste	per
johan adami poeg kiljako	per
kristjan abroi,	per
tonnis mork	per
karl bachson	per
peter teär	per
oskara martova limberga	per
andrus kulberk	per
d. margki	per
juhan juhani poeg asa	per
marri wenne	per
jakob hansu poeg kowal	per
andres pärand	per
carl kul	per
jaan timian	per
kusta parmann	per
otto tõnnisberg	per
mina matson	per
jaan reemann	per
juhhan wesk	per
jaan hansen	per
ann laanson	per
michel saar	per
josep pärn	per
kusta küti	per
otto peterson	per
jaan walting	per
karel jürgen	per
mihkel pärtell	per
märt laas	per
j. masberg	per
anno pind	per
tawet ports	per
peter freijmann	per
michel michelsile	per
anna tross	per
liis michelson	per
jaan lott	per
jaan ehrmann	per
juhan jaas	per
jaan meggi	per
jaan kull	per
aadam sikkut	per
paulus mölder	per
marri kakko	per
lehhopollij	loc
ando pritso	per
jüri toome	per
juhan otsman	per
metsawaht ,	PER
jaan tiirmann	per
selli	per
rei	per
peeter onno	per
ann tarkmeel	per
jaak kass	per
lars rönnberg	per
kadri woitka	per
mina rahule	per
kubja hanso	per
päärni hansu p. rooste	per
tomas liiw	per
reino petre	per
adam rossenstrahw	per
karel wärwole	per
mari polma	per
andres jaani p. tormi	per
jaan grünberg	per
warriko ado	per
johan waldmann	per
anna jööts	per
peeter rüütli	per
jaan wald	per
mihkel lenzius	per
jürri jöggi	per
hans jerw	per
pedo jakob	per
hans nokkur	per
karel jaagu p. wärtmann	per
anders hamberg	per
mihkel wossmann	per
jüri juhani p. leesment	per
willem känd	per
lemeti ado	per
liso marssing	per
tiina wene	per
widrik kõrressare	per
juhan krais	per
lena kise	per
dawit madisson	per
wiksi	loc
märt kase	per
jakob lätt	per
jaan pödderson	per
jaan luhha	per
prant	per
johann oewerause naene ann	per
juhann poom	per
kadri jörkawitz	per
öi	MISC
josep kruup	per
johan smidberg	per
timofei fedotow	per
kusta kaaro	per
laes puw	per
peter takking	per
tomas ambos	per
joosep parmson	per
andresse	per
johann leinberg	per
jakob thal	per
kilter	loc
uppi marri	per
tõnis getart	per
matfei budaschow	per
aadu aadup. kalda	per
jaan tammik	per
truta kümel	per
mihkel ewel	per
hindrek pusep	per
jakob warrusk	per
jaan temas	per
peter tork	per
mart pulberg	per
jürri remmelgas	per
jaan täht	per
hants kiwwimäe	per
timmohfei takkimoi	per
hans liederstück	per
lars gaddmann,anders björkmann,hans bekmann,hans lindström,anders notmann,anders glad	per
tiiu siiska	per
mihkel krauna	per
jaan rosentaal	per
tönno wibur	per
jaak kuub	per
wasili iwanow okunew	per
jaan letten	per
kristo treial	per
peter zirk	per
maddis kangor	per
mart mäemann	per
kusta kiisla	per
kusta koorberg	per
hans saburi	per
peeter zubas	per
johann  hawakiwwi	per
georgi säärel	per
jakob kirspaum	per
hendrik palz	per
peter urgard	per
mihkel tihhiko	per
ruth	per
jürri awa	per
marri martok	per
jaan otsinge	per
jaan polakene	per
johan must	per
mihkel lahke	per
hans leisson	per
jaan luik	per
ale	per
mart ani	per
juhhan ehrlicho	per
ado isop	per
karel johanson	per
aron krimm	per
indrik tusk	per
j. thalfeldt	per
kristjan karro	per
jaan arroksaar	per
m hanseni	per
jaak kruustük	per
mart leitorfi	per
jakob paabor	per
sirga	loc
madis peterson	per
tomas karro	per
hendrik tilk	per
jaan mänd	per
pridik innu	per
hendrik pung	per
daaniel liiw	per
indrik lessing	per
mart allikas	per
mart mital	per
ilja potahof	per
endrek mossa	per
peter loos	per
metsawaht Kusta Nukka	PER
jaan juhani p rappuski	per
hans pedoson	per
prokofij iwanow	per
jakop nomberg	per
iwan trulew	per
gustav  kokka	per
jakob kopli	per
las lundkwist	per
hans stember	per
jürgens	per
roobet schmidt	per
abramil	per
juhhan moor	per
madis spriit	per
hans jacob	per
johan krug	per
mart kristjan	per
juhan kroos	per
tanjo tirrul	per
romet kuldperk	per
juhan krusert	per
jüri paukas	per
juhan lehtmets	per
johhan mattu	per
iwan plotnikov	per
johan priks	per
leno saar	per
andres rawa	per
mart kass	per
david hinzer	per
juhhan lük	per
juhan wastalu	per
hans stein	per
jehfim liebohw	per
andrei saweljew	per
peet reinberg	per
kotre trell	per
peep parrisson	per
jaan martinson	per
jürri puder	per
von Rathlefi	PER
liis konnu	per
kaarli mardi p. kukk	per
juhhan bandtorhw	per
josep lillekampf	per
hauka johhan	per
peter eisa	per
hinrik tamm	per
kerrik kerikson	per
hans wilberg	per
karel tõrruwerre,	per
k. linsmann	per
jaan wichmann	per
liisu tambärg	per
joosge kraavi	per
larion sinitgin	per
priidu	per
juhan walbet	per
künnapa michel	per
peeter rooma	per
peter sawoson	per
mart kõkurile	per
tõnnis hanso poeg jürgens	per
öii	MISC
luiga johan	per
toora kitse	per
mats kronk	per
martin schunin	per
kanker	per
jaan jürri p. mihkelten	per
ado käüs	per
hindrek markus	per
ado noupu	per
hendrik pedoksar	per
madli nakström	per
muro mihkel	per
anna kleyus	per
hans tarbe	per
krissan trellin	per
toomas tõnu p. eller	per
jürri mätlik	per
hindrik laanes	per
j. grossthalist	per
hans asberg	per
otto lauer	per
mari taarlap	per
jaan illak	per
jakob peetri p. maripu	per
tiina andruse lesk hallik	per
jaan till	per
trifan kulikow	per
anno luigom	per
peter härm	per
ado	loc
hans wenne	per
ann ruitel	per
peter kerge	per
josep kakkoson	per
jaan uuk	per
jüri ternel	per
jaan soosõrw	per
nedo ehrmann	per
abram jäärats	per
karel laurisson	per
johann piir	per
andres spriit	per
werisu	loc
wassili estifejew	per
ants liiwak	per
anders gårdström	per
an arbusow	per
leeno welt	per
peter mark	per
peter uhhuta	per
marri pusep	per
kotta kurg	per
indrik zirna	per
jurka jaan	per
mihkel saar	per
kristian kiudow	per
jaan kuusik	per
ann wald	per
jaan räbis	per
jüri kusta p. borkmanni	per
metsasaks Gross	PER
katre trelli	per
ado ummal	per
joosep kikas	per
josep leppik	per
mart mätlik	per
jaan tirrul	per
jaan rekand	per
dfhfgfg	PER
adam kesselman	per
maddis messi	per
peeter kuill	per
anna meister	per
mihkel karro	per
josep tubbin	per
peter koll	per
willem kentmannile	per
jürri alliko	per
karel pommer	per
anno sauman	per
august adelheid	per
feidos kromonow	per
anton tamm	per
andrei mihaili poeg mägi	per
jürri lastik	per
konsa karli	per
leno blum	per
eduard v. lilienfeld	per
johan terna	per
ado rummel	per
jüri kambergi	per
paap puksand	per
mihkel pomm jakobi poeg	per
ewa pikner	per
mart woormann	per
jaan reinumägi	per
jaan oost	per
jaan terrasmees	per
aleksei toht	per
alexander siegert	per
kikka marri	per
niggolas wett	per
jürri turman	per
kaarl willip	per
andres traks	per
protonol	per
paap parmaksoni	per
jaan zirgu	per
karl puksman	per
peeter tuwi	per
willem ruusmann	per
pärnad adelsonil j	per
karel ilwes	per
jakob zengow	per
ottu tamm	per
nordgren	per
märt zowwo	per
mart pödder	per
maddis  mutty	per
kustas sewermann	per
kadri timse	per
mai will	per
toomas tooma p. tomps	per
k. traugott	per
j wallau	per
adam adamson	per
leppiko	per
hindrik nestor	per
miekwitz	per
peter südda	per
pridik albin	per
otto ustaw	per
tõnis uint	per
aleksander meier	per
gustas enner	per
jüri stein	per
üri Tõnu p. Rass	PER
hans owermann	per
janus rekand	per
tönnis hogan	per
jaak andreson	per
troffe raudsep	per
mart kauffeldt	per
peter raud	per
karel tönisepoeg treuwold	per
madli puddiwerre	per
kaurilla irmalai	per
peeter	per
johann nuuma	per
märt wastalu	per
jaan lepikow	per
jaan kallais	per
vallavanem j.jants	per
t. horden	per
jahn ampos	per
ann koppel	per
mart jurjes	per
maria kambergi	per
marri johansohn	per
jaan narwa	per
peter ramar	per
johann püssi	per
tõnno hammer	per
jaan jagand	per
josep silm	per
hans	per
leeno tälli	per
tio nitam	per
j. kõts	per
anders appelblom	per
mihkel teedlo	per
rautseppa paabo	per
ann johannsohn	per
jaan soe	per
gustav pissa	per
rusama	loc
johan mutso	per
abram uukiwi,joosep usk	per
jürri kõkkorile	per
jegor saweljew	per
kadri tammik	per
märt saabas	per
tõnno warmann	per
kaarel andruse p. sepel	per
nikanor kusnezow	per
johan palsi	per
hans koldberg	per
tomas kook	per
jakob prits	per
kristjan ebler	per
mihkel wakroom	per
jakop pärnn	per
...min	PER
mat johanson	per
peter nestor	per
kristjan sommer	per
peter rämman	per
thoma andres	per
jüri reispas	per
juula wald	per
mihkel saro	per
joosep goldberg	per
mikk rebane	per
jakob lepland	per
tawet pors	per
a. pechmann	per
marfa maksimowa sawostkina	per
karel lindmetsa	per
hans koor	per
iwan	per
tõnso kaarel	per
adam tõrruwerre	per
nikolai merkulitsew jaksin´a	per
johan klaosoon	per
joseph kuck	per
jaak peet	per
jüri anderson	per
fedor jakowlew baranina	per
tõnu seppor	per
jefim tihomirow	per
johann sittik	per
hindrik mällo	per
hans sille	per
stepan morosow	per
männi jakkopi naesel	per
jaan oja	per
jaan naup	per
otto odeland	per
karel paio josepi poeg	per
werehonstinskij	per
retik pea	per
ewa lind	per
jaan kangur	per
märt muru	per
waino mart	per
gottlieb roopson	per
mats mõisnikko	per
toomas puumaaker	per
gustas minguwits	per
thomas weimann	per
laane	loc
jakob alliksoo	per
pendi	loc
tõnis kink	per
hans pormann	per
madli wiktor	per
tomas uuktõweristi	per
marri arroso	per
s. dolff	per
mihkel tihhik	per
antso tohmas	per
hans karmann	per
hans eller	per
tükki jaan kuck	per
baron von tisenhausen	per
josep klaos	per
sööt juhhan bringfelt	per
hans truberg	per
semon frolow	per
josep kotka	per
j. selge	per
gustaw polakse	per
andres paljak	per
tõnis mang	per
daniel klaus	per
peter middri	per
hans ado p. jürjo	per
mare pöld	per
abram weeber	per
jaan adamson	per
kaarel saarfeldt	per
jurija saarmo	per
jakob larenz	per
juhhan aug	per
norwit	per
tihan dutkin	per
jaan kull juhani poeg	per
mik prannu	per
jakkap maksim	per
juhan linder	per
ado rinus	per
jänes	per
juhan serg	per
kustas mühlberg	per
abram mets	per
mart kongas	per
t	per
tannesare jürri	per
jaan torg	per
peeter pedoson	per
karl parwai	per
kustaw oberg	per
jaan lestwerki	per
jaan lepp	per
jüri bringweldi	per
marti Jahn	PER
mari hio	per
grahw ungern sternbergi	per
kasaka	loc
mihail piip	per
jaan roots	per
ludwig gustawi pg klinge	per
jüri lukk	per
t. dideberg	per
jaan kirpman	per
tomas raja	per
peeter maasing	per
jakob hindow	per
hans narusk	per
andre sok	per
jaan tönn	per
hans wannatoa	per
josep leben	per
liis lomp	per
gertrud okerman`i	per
tio mitti	per
jaan marie p. puulman	per
simmo leps	per
jacob lane	per
jürri larmi	per
aan Künnapuu	PER
adam maldoni	per
jüri kriis	per
adam kristawor	per
petra palkow	per
an sotemä	per
juhhan waldmann	per
tönno nettan	per
metsawaht Karel Waht	PER
leno kangro	per
jacop laursoni	per
juhan lismann	per
jaan zulp	per
peter bringfeld	per
jurrij pern	per
jürri kopti	per
hans hindreku p. künstler	per
kustas krumm,	per
wasili muchin	per
juhhan lageti	per
stepan firsow	per
mihkel dewid	per
jürri mähle	per
juhann kalda	per
leno kerjestik	per
juhhan päerensohn	per
ann liwwa	per
mart umberg	per
jaak sults	per
jaan fluss	per
lemet püss	per
mik talu	per
juhan wende	per
gustaw uukiwi,	per
karel anderson	per
jakob krais	per
wainu jüri einmann	per
peter rikkand	per
juhhan roikman	per
hans lageti	per
aadu tiidu	per
liis mikson	per
karli jürri	PER
pert kuub	per
ad. traugott	per
juhhan lammas	per
jaan wermann	per
kaarl kesk	per
peter akkert	per
hans otti	per
larm	per
jürri trummeli	per
mats werrawasse	per
anton lurg	per
johan wälk	per
mihkel jüri p. lemberg	per
tönno rosenbaum	per
jakkap roni	per
jüri liibertus	per
hans ubak	per
kusta jakobi	per
marri oun	per
peter woni	per
kusta lodessoon	per
johan lilo	per
jürri krimberg	per
willem ritsberg	per
linnaleu hedriki	per
puksa jaan	per
karel steinberg	per
hintzeri	per
hans rindeberg	per
johannes saanberg	per
johan söderlund	per
a.liljeros	per
mai tamea	per
peter semmel	per
josep tuustik	per
mihkel lane	per
hindrik saeberg	per
saweli iwanow trubkin	per
mihkel jaani poeg aprilla	per
juhhan taul	per
jaak kirsch	per
andres ossep	per
peter kirhäid,	per
jaan rebbane	per
jürri johans	per
jaan must	per
peter kiirhäiding	per
mart laat	per
hindrik sikut	per
mees Karl Suits	PER
jaan riesenberg	per
josep kiik	per
andre tirrul	per
mihkel hannuse	per
jaan kont	per
ann mathiesen	per
mart kruup	per
johann hausenberg	per
fritz häitson	per
tomas sunni	per
mart hallik andrese poeg	per
jaan ackmann	per
jekaterina suowna	per
mihkel limberg	per
johan treiali	per
johann nachmann	per
marri wiralt	per
an pöltsman	per
mihkle lenzius	per
peter luik	per
j.kuk	per
johan suits	per
madis unt toma poeg	per
kusta adami pg pung	per
hans luige	per
tönno piller	per
jakop kallaus	per
johan smedberg	per
isak phillipow	per
peter kütt	per
hendrik kutzar	per
tomingas	per
jaan põlendik	per
baron von maidel	per
miina madisson	per
jaan lillewälja	per
jaak juhanson	per
jakop hindriksonile	per
j. grüner	per
tiina kendman	per
johann ehte	per
willem suurkulla	per
lillako	loc
jürri tang	per
josep kukk	per
adu sengbusch	per
lutso adami jürri	per
jaan wiljme	per
mart willmann	per
josep paas	per
marri kiek	per
karel suurwäraw	per
jaan maido	per
ado reimann	per
johan jürgensohn	per
maddi jürrj	per
juri anson	per
jaan kurre	per
johan wastalu	per
tomas allas	per
mihkel tabor	per
jaan willenthal	per
mihkel elster	per
kreet oja	per
hans saik	per
michel hak	per
parma hiob	per
jaan roose	per
jaan pern	per
karel pikkerpärh	per
siim paabo	per
johann kuusiku	per
juhan elken	per
jüri kraisi	per
andres pärn	per
liisa willmann	per
jüri urb	per
juhann parras	per
peter aden	per
mari mihelson	per
hans sepper	per
kutser	per
hindrik wokk	per
jaan tabermann	per
von Lielienfeldt	PER
juhan tälli	per
hindrik luikman	per
anu õigus	per
jaan johannsohn	per
mats werrawas	per
jaan pabbo	per
salutaguse	loc
ingel läck	per
kango hans	per
jürri tohmale	per
jürri laurisson	per
jaan pohm	per
ants madiiseni	per
mart bulbert	per
liso mik	per
jakob pungard	per
gustas joudowalt	per
jürri peardas	per
kadri müür	per
michel mülleri	per
jaan koik	per
johan tätte	per
nigulas wäljataga	per
jaan jakobij	per
jacob willibert	per
anno mikli	per
mihkel wreiman	per
zimm kohw	per
andres konks	per
kristjan prangel	per
willem ilwes	per
kaarl aun	per
filip dubinin	per
j.a.richter	per
karel krais	per
tiina rollandil	per
joosep anderson	per
jakobi maddis	per
jürri kroon	per
ann härm	per
fadei bogdanowi	per
juhhan niggul	per
jüri tominga	per
fr. mandel	per
anna sulp	per
mina kusma	per
tõnno kook	per
jaak urgas	per
peter saag	per
hendrek kuller	per
mart jagu	per
peter haman	per
ans watzar	per
gustaw kokkow	per
jaan hülkja	per
peep tieberk	per
jozepa davidova preiman	per
jaan kottis	per
hans kask	per
wiido sõukand	per
ann barot	per
ado kandelin	per
laarka	per
joh. kollo	per
jakoba janova šteinberg	per
karl trauberg	per
jaan juusti	per
michel uggur	per
hendrik kupri	per
sirga andrese	per
mihkel sammelson	per
p. tunts	per
johann august rosenfeld	per
akkob Waddi Kaarli Poeg	PER
hans parmann	per
madli põdra	per
kibbe	per
m palk.	per
aia hants laki	per
juhann reinwaldt	per
juhhan tamm	per
lars lilja	per
jaan mick	per
tõnnis lohk	per
jani josep	per
a. freyberg	per
jaan tõnts	per
willem liljendahl	per
johan sammeli naese nimmiga marri	per
anna fedrona	per
jaan b	per
josep kiwwi	per
kristjaan wunder	per
kõrtsmik jaan wulmann	per
michel raja	per
metsasaks gross	per
johhan zernask	per
jaan saap	per
rein kruuse	per
kusta makk	per
rehhe jakob rehhi	per
peter wannik	per
kottlieb punnisson	per
ludwig sallo	per
jakob tikk	per
peeter sergejew	per
alexei saweljew	per
jekaterina iwanowna tichonowa	per
stephn timofei	per
jüri piilele	per
liso tedder	per
johan ainson	per
piddula	loc
koddara karel	per
kustaw uuktõweristi	per
trino awik	per
jakob jürsen soon	per
mats leinatsaar	per
karl jurgis	per
karel siimu	per
hants koppel	per
dawit pabo	per
jaan karro	per
pokka	loc
willem niemann	per
josep sulp	per
kustas ferlaok	per
pritz seilmann	per
jakob kukrus	per
marri kacko	per
aadu meetusa	per
rabba mats robam attlast	per
hans messila	per
pert	per
willem elme	per
fedosi jegorow karsubow	per
hans woorimees	per
märt truus	per
emilie sarri	per
iwan blumi	per
hans siik	per
antreas strutel	per
johan susiku	per
johan mällifer	per
kalmeti jürri	per
katre mitt	per
juhhan soomann	per
mina laar	per
retzniko matz	per
kai lewet	per
johann känd	per
mihkel mäe naine	per
c. rosenthal	per
alex. strauss	per
jaan neiman	per
juhan öömann	per
vidrik vääri	per
lauka	loc
jakob härm	per
. Korkmann	PER
kai hender	per
jürri piipberg	per
tomas kiik	per
jaan rappuski	per
thomas malmeister	per
michel rand	per
akob Türnpu	PER
marri kuck	per
jaan martin	per
august külli	per
awdotja abramowa pusanowa	per
märt aal	per
ruuben willa	per
liine johan	per
josep woikmann	per
oto tarask	per
kresjon trellin	per
peeter walli	per
paap lepman	per
peet enno	per
jaan liismann	per
jaak wandermann	per
tõnno mäggi	per
jaan tomik	per
peter jegorow below	per
jaan schöfer	per
jaan nap	per
jaan jakobi	per
andres klement	per
norberg	per
jaan karo jaagu poeg	per
karel ling	per
hans andressohn	per
jurri päbus	per
michel praggi	per
kritjan kutsar	per
wallawannem Willem Perramets,	PER
j. wäärsi	per
daniel liiw	per
minna melzasse	per
c. baron pilau	per
juhhani	per
maarja akselin	per
jaan kulli	per
anna nummert	per
buschmann	per
hans karro	per
johann will	per
ann reinthal	per
mees Jakob Grünwerk	PER
maddis prowel	per
mart ducht	per
korstna mart parkase	per
soldat karel traggon	per
gusta leppikowi	per
anno tarrapi	per
jaan haili	per
hans söerm	per
samuel tick	per
otto torri	per
epp pill	per
liso lustberg	per
hans ricki	per
tiina polma	per
andrus gerbstreel,jaak lilja,andrus truman,juhan i siim nee,lars norrmann i andrus grenman	per
jaan otzing	per
tõnnis pehap	per
maunus walk	per
püllsti jago juan	misc
ludwi sallo	per
mart berendoff	per
anton mihkli poeg sanberg	per
märdi tõnno	per
pottsepp villem planken	per
konon maksimow macharow	per
mari eichleri	per
juhan lenzin	per
mihkel kimmel	per
peeter kulp	per
karel martinsoni	per
mihkel sassmin	per
adu pallitser	per
matzkonni	per
liis urm	per
jaan liblekas	per
fritz kärner	per
aleksei trikobuw	per
peeter johansoon	per
christian weisnerile	per
marri roots	per
jaan pedoson	per
juhan laks	per
mart marti poeg einbaumm	per
radase tomas	per
olpri jürri	per
jakob tolmats	per
minna hawajerw	per
prits pindsoon	per
jakow mihesen	per
pridik awer	per
hans liander	per
kihhelkonna kohtomees peter jonas	per
jaan sallu	per
ann mikow	per
hans blomani	per
juhan kantsberg	per
saksa jani sullane peter raudman	per
jakow denisow	per
köllo	loc
j. rusnek	per
jaan liinamägi	per
mart pihkwa	per
jacob jurikas	per
kaarel pudibere	per
peter kurrik	per
kristin roobergi	per
kusta kuppard	per
peter waga	per
karel antonen	per
hans arin	per
jakob koort	per
märt martenson	per
ello rode	per
jürri lassiniti	per
jaan tenno	per
tõnis leppik	per
liso tutt	per
thomas klust	per
hans rick.	per
jaan wiikholm	per
josep perna	per
priidu mihkli p. onno	per
aleksander oraw	per
awdotja sacharjewa	per
aleksei kana	per
jaan adler	per
jakob usen	per
aron nahkur	per
jaen jurna poeg merits	per
johann kallion	per
hindrik wiks	per
tio allikoha	per
tarrask	per
liso sepp	per
kortsi mehhe	per
kohala walla	loc
adam adamsohn	per
feodor baranin,	per
juhan luup	per
weera ado lesk kaasik	per
juhan kiusberg	per
andres inno	per
johann peeterson	per
weodor brudel	per
kustas tamm	per
joosep pahkwerk	per
anna gurkele	per
j. rusnak	per
an los	per
madisa jakova videman	per
johan rosenbaumi	per
juhhan nomme	per
mihkel raja	per
jaan wolmer	per
rein kukruse	per
hans bekmann	per
maret lind	per
ado solling	per
jürri oloper	per
johan palzil	per
trino lukin	per
adam traugot	per
mihkel kallais	per
hindrik karotsing	per
kai taberland	per
wassil nitsikowile	per
peter plaks	per
peter matson	per
josep lallo mango poeg	per
hans kulman	per
rein meus	per
toomas sanwik	per
baron rossen	per
juhhani jürri	per
jaan hanson	per
mihchel johansohn	per
otto rauba	per
jürri tönnosohn	per
leno pirbe	per
mart margus	per
aan Kruusertist	PER
jaan kikka	per
jürri kütt	per
juhan nagel	per
hindriga	per
j.friberg	per
marri kottu	per
ane rebane	per
joosep tauts	per
jüri ritson	per
gustav tammi	per
anna ruben	per
jacob storm a.lindströmi	per
gustaw waos	per
mart tooma p. kohw	per
t. rosenbaum	per
pearu pik	per
ronge	per
mihkel masikas	per
josep semmel	per
ewa tõnu t kelter	per
samuel palm	per
august bandt	per
hans kresberg	per
andres kask	per
jaan pertmann	per
jürrij lutz	per
roobu	per
julius elberg	per
hans salomon	per
andres pomm	per
mikko Jahn	PER
mai madise lesk bachmann	per
mik korjus	per
priido hendriko p	per
mihkel kask hindriko p	per
mihkel kauman	per
kusta grünberg	per
jaan poedderson	per
julius umut	per
kaarl korri	per
ann luude	per
mai grünberg	per
märt näsa	per
e. v. lilienfeldt	per
plakk	per
leno sild	per
jahn weimann	per
jürri silmann	per
otto wach	per
johan kaddajas	per
jürri püss	per
jaak unt	per
hans flussi	per
jakob sibbul	per
iwan andrejew	per
kusta tamm	per
krissan treliw	per
siim pau	per
karel tamm jakobi poeg	per
marii pusep	per
nefed karpow	per
peeter pärdi p. klee	per
jakob tamm	per
kumpusse	loc
mai sae	per
joosep lutrussen	per
andrus juhhe	per
mihkel alpeus	per
ewa rautsik	per
leno mitt	per
kahkwa	per
elias sirg	per
mihail laratsi poeg tänaw	per
mari listak	per
pridik woldrat	per
johan kiilmann	per
samuel tarro	per
kay pebärgk	per
tomas mänd	per
jakob kustase poeg walker	per
prits anto	per
johan liljebäck	per
sidor pawlow kulakow	per
peeter kure	per
hans raudmann	per
toomas warkmann	per
arved von braschi	per
mart kumm	per
lauri jacob	per
jaan walk	per
katt jaanson	per
leena jürison	per
johann märtson	per
jakob naggel	per
hans arbo	per
andre pilw	per
janus jeggi	per
peter birk	per
pääkohtumees m.roth	per
jaak jallakas	per
jürri rahha	per
lars lundqvist	per
wido wikkind	per
wallitseja Funcke	PER
kusta lätt	per
aan Promet	PER
konstandin winder	per
tomas puck	per
mihkel liegberg	per
magnus elme	per
tönis jüri poeg allikiwi	per
jürri jürgenson,	per
kustas portnoy	per
josep zernask	per
maria jüri tütre möldri	per
k. borkwel	per
karl kõima	per
g. wallin	per
trino karrison	per
sambla kandurat	per
fritz pintson	per
an blätter	per
kusta poolake	per
nida steinbrük	per
juhan joonas	per
adam tens	per
leen kukk	per
toomas kook	per
mart undt	per
mihkel ploom	per
jaan kallaussele	per
ado pollmann	per
reet	per
joosep piirsoon	per
jaan jüris	per
leopoli	loc
hindrek reismann	per
pawel nazarew jewa	per
ado tobias	per
wido sabbal	per
josep saul	per
mihkel onno	per
j.w. pader	per
jaan lihtsa	per
k. willand	per
jaen truwert	per
hans lük	per
krasmukse jaan jürisson	per
a. puk	per
peter järw	per
mihkel hannus	per
wido raudask	per
jaen seil	per
jaan karu	per
karel stamm	per
üri Jüri poeg Reinbach	PER
peter runing	per
michel sabba	per
ann käämer	per
palwerre	per
karl plado	per
jaan hindriksoon	per
tawet tuustik	per
hindrek kärtmann	per
hants udepärk	per
lisa grünberg	per
mats pihlak	per
jürri kukkepala	per
johan labladarn	per
mik kaurile	per
johannes	per
hans maaslep	per
karoson	per
ado tarkin	per
jahn pabstel	per
juhhan passelman	per
josep prems	per
peeter hindrikson	per
willem klaos	per
juhhan torri	per
hindr. tubli	per
we	per
ado perlus	per
waldi	per
jürri achtmann	per
jaan perdig	per
an ahlbok	per
jüri tiitsenberg	per
jaan roos	per
alleksei kann	per
hindrik petersoni	per
wanna nomme	loc
jürri surra	per
jaan rehhi	per
ott ladoga	per
marri paetz	per
kai nesselman	per
mari raudsep	per
tannil nilo	per
abram pähkelmanni	per
akob Perramets	PER
lena lohmus	per
marfa antonowna	per
kaarli karits	per
kristjan teppaskind	per
jaan kohhal	per
andrus nurk	per
gustav lassinid	per
prido karits	per
an nõmm	per
hindrek weerlo	per
jaan kronk	per
wassili leier	per
joosep waabjani	per
johan kripson	per
joosep jürgenson	per
jakob lind	per
tomas limbärg	per
kustaw päärson	per
jakob sakna	per
jürri kangur	per
dmitrij tolwitzki	per
jakkob lind	per
peeter peedusoon	per
rein peetri p. saarm	per
jakob truuts	per
willem wentsel	per
tükki jaan	per
august jürgenson	per
gusta zemmesk	per
mai kalmann	per
karl klaus	per
j. korgmann	per
willem wilman	per
marjo samilow	per
mango puk	per
jürri innu	per
liisu juhkam	per
marri särg	per
tomas kask	per
kustaw rämman	per
mihkel polma	per
jüri lauriman	per
märt liiw	per
ano kruustaw	per
willem jõk	per
jürri lättensile	per
hendrik kiljak	per
cornad hallist	per
mari uiga	per
magnus tam	per
(	PER
jaan wesper	per
tõnnis tehwand	per
johann witkin	per
juhkame johan	per
k. lensmann	per
jakob killak	per
grossi	per
jaen allas	per
karl paas	per
aleksander	per
peter tarkin	per
josep karro	per
jürri partei	per
adam trossi	per
jaan sonnatar	per
liis kilter	per
rein kampu	per
garafim jefimow gorin	per
peter kumpus	per
fridrik pehwelt	per
paabo	per
marri ellisaar	per
keisri herra	per
mihkel mühlmann	per
willem kuutmann	per
jüri küla	per
juhhan mäeberk	per
anne rätsep	per
jaak päss	per
davit kask	per
sisoi petrow	per
märt oija	per
josep tomik toma poeg	per
peter uggur	per
karl krootmann	per
taniel lessenberg	per
paap jalus	per
rein robachisd	per
jürri klamas	per
josep mälberg	per
hindr. sonnatari	per
mall oea	per
juhhan roos	per
ilja andrejew	per
maddis soiewa	per
jürri nuggin	per
jaan olmann	per
peter nuuti	per
leeno teisker	per
laurson	per
mihail päästel	per
jakob mustmanni	per
anno amer	per
adam kolk	per
karl achtsiga	per
truto himberk	per
kustaw pall	per
karel sepp	per
frejmanni	per
jaan insler	per
lena kallaste	per
liis saar	per
leena paju	per
jakob mitti	per
peter lepson	per
aakre mõisavalits	per
johann zirk	per
prido lõhmus	per
gustas messila	per
hendrik prins	per
awdotja abramowa pefanowa	per
madis prass	per
jaan lõhmus	per
hans reino poeg wiilup,	per
mihkel presep	per
liis issak	per
aleexander timofejew fomkin	per
laritze	loc
hans ritzland	per
baron üxkülli	per
juhhan kiik	per
elias kook	per
jüri krusell	per
päärn tulbas	per
maddis rose	per
hindrik johannson	per
juhann nömm	per
aadu beka	per
kustaw sillatsi	per
marri mührmann	per
jaan holmist	per
johann tuwwi	per
juuli maalmann	per
hendrik must	per
tõnno treuhold	per
adam truwe	per
pretik gassa	per
thomson	per
wikki pabo jaan konuwik	per
matz kennar	per
juhan ruubel	per
jaan jurgens	per
adam matson	per
josep rosenthal	per
jakob leebenile	per
kulli mihkel kabbi	per
jürri kello	per
jan	per
hans tillisson	per
liiso jürisson	per
l	misc
jan harsbergi	per
mai pomm	per
karel lätt, madise	per
jürri jürrison	per
m. hansen	per
juhan juhani p. künstler	per
ingel mäggi	per
johan alajaan	per
kristian kirruton	per
jaan kokka	per
karl liiskmann	per
johani nautrasi naene	per
andres simrod	per
jaan kristuwing	per
ichla	per
abram oluper	per
kärik jaanson	per
peter joseph	per
anna leigo	per
kristjan iwask	per
tönno reinberg	per
jahni mattise	per
kohtopeawannmem	per
karel waldmann	per
mütta	loc
jakop kooril	per
gustaw kresmann	per
jaan sing	per
andres oja	per
jürri oll	per
jürri beihfeld	per
ann aalod	per
jaak septembri	per
saawa	loc
hendrik zuba	per
hfdghdfg	PER
jaan joonase	per
mihkel kriisi	per
jahni jürri	per
jürri leikap	per
th. kersten	per
marja krikori	per
j.kukk	per
karl willemson	per
tomas ambos	per
jüri käämer	per
ann ots	per
peeter nutt	per
ainna uind	per
volker	per
jakob iwanson	per
jaan kukkur	per
mari tennosar	per
gusta punnip	per
j. jürgens	per
joosep üllimsonile	per
iwan kock	per
an loorbeer	per
hans kattam	per
mart kallperk	per
aleksander liidemann	per
jürri landman	per
kusta saarwa	per
liso	per
juhhan zirkel	per
tõnnisse	per
jaan warres	per
gotthard	per
leena pauli	per
jaan kiwwimä	per
jaan solnson	per
mari siegberg mihkli naene	per
f	per
hans jaani p. porman	per
gustas wender	per
joseph räbbin	per
liis raud	per
agafia belusowa	per
juhhan leben	per
jaan libbe	per
tõnis kask	per
mihke jaana	per
jaan larwa	per
fedor jakowlew baranowi	per
toomas wiktor	per
wassilisa karpowa postowa	per
donner	per
maddis ledemann	per
kota	per
mart niman	per
michel  puistaja	per
christjan krahw	per
kellamees Karel Paio	PER
mihkel lillestern	per
hinrek tönnuse	per
m. krusbergi	per
jaan sawasson	per
jaak krotmann	per
p. pirisild	per
kostre issand	per
hans kukk	per
willeme tönno	per
peet tarra	per
peter hüllinsoni	per
jüri wai	per
mart mäggi	per
johann sok	per
hendrek kuill	per
fadei charlamow bonderew	per
kristin	per
hans kutsar	per
jürri piipperg	per
roosi wõikmann	per
elias kooki	per
jakob grünberg	per
johann kolbergil	per
adam zirnask	per
liso kerge	per
jaan tanni	per
tordo	loc
willem rõmus	per
mart pank	per
tõnnis orjas	per
mart mittal	per
josep turk	per
lenherti	per
maddis anderson	per
marri wiedeberg	per
mart tomming	per
jürri hawel	per
marri perdi	per
m.kerdi	per
anders aro	per
laes wakrööm	per
jürri stamberg	per
mina alt	per
hans olland	per
naela	loc
prokobi pawlowitsch	per
mats saks	per
kaupmees kristian luik	per
feodor maksimov	per
riino sooberg	per
hants töldseppa	per
hindrik konsinge	per
anders broman	per
jürri korjus	per
jaan martian	per
kustas jüri p. wiilberg	per
hindrik luha	per
maddis söbber	per
ilja petrow samsonow	per
jüri paatz	per
tõnis peedi p. piho	per
jaan kallaus	per
josep oja	per
lewdoteja timofejewna	per
kõrweaja hindrek heimsal	per
karl praakli	per
lewonti gawrilow	per
oscar berger	per
jaan nemwalz	per
juhhan tabu	per
jaan pang	per
jaan sarw	per
mihkel gärmann	per
anno tarrapöla	per
jürri woss	per
jacob saar	per
jüri sewert	per
karel saarfeldt	per
o. von kurselli	per
jürri saar	per
mihkel kitsing	per
karl kõrwe j	per
jaak barot	per
kuusikhalli mik werner	per
mürriseppa	loc
peter sok	per
leena arik	per
jaak rehhesare	per
josep rosenpärk	per
rawa karel	per
wio freibach	per
tiina reinwald	per
landrath	per
mari tõntsil	per
jaan schultzenberg	per
peeter kerneri	per
hans björkman	per
leenu lepwikmann	per
e Jaan Lane	PER
baron v. g. traubenberg	per
juhan anni	per
t: kuu	per
johan taube	per
widrik harkman	per
kustas mahomend	per
jaan wälli	per
nõmejaani jaan lestwerk	per
märt lind	per
iwan wasiljew nikitkin	per
johann thomson	per
anno ots	per
kribbi josep roots	per
hans maddison	per
jüri piiperile	per
mari jürkwalt	per
josep kull	per
jaan kawwal	per
lutzo jürrij	per
perenaene Leeno Lintberg	PER
august adelheidt	per
tammiko	loc
jaan raudkutt	per
juhan wilup	per
hindrik kääs	per
an tõu	per
simmo leisberg	per
karel liwak	per
hans eigel	per
johann treiali	per
mart reisenpuk	per
jürri jürgew	per
sohwi epler	per
liisu raut	per
tina meius	per
jakob prangel	per
widrik liiskmann	per
adam tohwer	per
peeter sõrg	per
laes aksel	per
jaan mäggi karli poeg	per
kangro otto	per
mart woiwot	per
mihkel kibuse	per
jaan kitsing	per
jaak mitrei	per
gottl. mägi	per
widrik harkmann	per
peter jegorow belowi	per
kota kusma	per
kristjan paumann	per
j. wallin	per
kondratwan	per
ado kukman	per
jakob welt	per
kuido karl	per
jaan wirla	per
jaan johani poeg kobin	per
abram paumann	per
hendrik tamm	per
adam rosenstrauch	per
mihgel wiikberg	per
rein pasal	per
johan söderholm	per
tanneberg	per
jaan irdt	per
johan luhäar	per
katharina lutter	per
jaan moonson	per
hans hammelmann	per
juhhan kerge	per
kustaw sarwiko	per
jakkob willemsohn	per
maunus karits	per
jaan kirjutaja	per
tõnis põdder	per
johan roos	per
peter warrik	per
nikolai nikolajew	per
kadri mäggi mihkli tüttar	per
jürri kuusk	per
hakemihtre	per
vallavanem jaan jants	per
andrei stepanow	per
lohma peter	per
karel aunapu	per
jaan kappet	per
karel ambus	per
mart loik	per
madis weewo	per
jakob jonas	per
hans baron	per
purtsi mihkel lewertand	per
jaan kissand	per
welba mart	per
karl tillisson	per
feodor kurnossow	per
jakob wildmaus	per
mihkel taali	per
august zastrowile	per
jaan klemm	per
johan bringwelt	per
eduard jäger	per
arwed von braschi	per
peeter tohwri	per
an arik	per
karel piik	per
mihkle jago jaan erm	per
hindrek waino	per
issako	loc
jaan parem	per
joest mendmets	per
jurrij tenner	per
põrka	loc
jaan	per
frits kiudorw	per
pobbol leppiko jürri	per
johan kiljak	per
kassi mart	per
jaan pihkwa	per
mart pären	per
iwan reinu p mironow	per
gustaw zupsing	per
jakob schneider	per
karl peter	per
mina kan	per
isak jonas	per
jürri ehrenwerth	per
jaan seppa	per
f. strauss	per
jakob paap	per
weski jaak	per
miina roos	per
kalri willand	per
reet kahho	per
peeter andruse p. liiw	per
jakob neu	per
juhhan past	per
juri loorents	per
madis lätti	per
joospe raudsep	per
mart karlow	per
leena jaani tütar tedder	per
mai jakob	per
fritz mellberg	per
pären arro	per
k trauberg	per
kai wiimbergi	per
jakob olper	per
karl nemwalz	per
jürri kudda	per
andres aab	per
andres krass	per
jaan rosenbladt	per
hans lübeck	per
narruski jaan	per
jakob leppind	per
jaan tuvike	per
maddis wastallu	per
juhan jurgens	per
blink	per
hans allel	per
mina tiirmann	per
jaak lobba	per
osip kondratjew	per
jakob kraus	per
lis raudmann	per
kristjan sila narusk	per
michel hermann	per
wannausse	loc
peter tösine	per
jaan sell	per
peters	per
tio niemeister	per
jürri brosfelt	per
mai miksoon	per
stackelberg	per
hans matsi poeg allast	per
peeter mihkli p. aunapuu	per
jaan kristuwingi	per
aleksander adami poeg wau	per
kusta hindriku poeg saarwa	per
ellu kimmel	per
märt wastallo	per
ann molok	per
johann tõnise poeg tenjas	per
mihkel raim	per
joosep olew	per
wiido juusar	per
juhhan krusert	per
ans wiht	per
mari nurmann	per
antresi	per
pearn niimann	per
ann mollok	per
simmu seil	per
peter puksowiga	per
hans kelbing	per
karel willant	per
karel laud	per
ando	per
hans lasel	per
johan willemsoni	per
midri jakowlew	per
wido hargi	per
karel pärsekiwwi	per
mihkel kopelmann	per
johan maasikow	per
emmaste walla	per
mihkel keskülla	per
mari mantpuu	per
joosep kase	per
hans willibald	per
josep klaus	per
jaan põld	per
gustav lättile	per
friedrich kruuse	per
mihkel breegs	per
mart markus	per
a strudel	per
märt perre	per
adu sengbusch.	per
jüri ummus	per
simmo saks	per
karel roos	per
mart kuck	per
karel auumees	per
jaan rätsepp	per
jürrij kask	per
jaan nurkise	per
rein seil	per
josep karpson	per
michel wald	per
luka iwanowile	per
jaan obrand	per
jürri bringwees	per
abrama prowel	per
juhhan jõggi	per
jaan pomm	per
didriki jurrile	per
marriana	per
woimann	per
josep hodenbreg	per
kustaw pendri	per
johann reinnold	per
jaan juhani p. paawel	per
mats sohne	per
ann klaassen	per
karl ellisaar	per
kongsi jaak	per
andre uggur	per
karl tiggane	per
widrik musting	per
jaan korw	per
jakaw apapka	per
nadežda jakowlewa dolgaowa	per
adam hulitz	per
mart kändler	per
julius ferdinand jaani poeg pallu	per
m silmann	per
ado	per
andres wiilo	per
mina lepp	per
joosep ani	per
josep punnisson	per
tanel summataweti	per
mihkel spler	per
peep kelt	per
jaan matson	per
mari isop	per
karel pergstein	per
marrianna rootzi	per
leno adamson	per
jakob harro	per
jüri reimann	per
johan anderson	per
kristo lipping	per
mats erin	per
jaan rebbas	per
treifeld	per
johann traggon	per
linuko josseb	per
johann widik	per
daniel tootsiku	per
willem olla	per
mart tammel	per
hindrik nagel	per
ludwig gustawi poeg klinge	per
moloka	loc
hans laja	per
jakob busch	per
leno remmel	per
jakob aukupuu	per
jakob puksa	per
waino jaan	per
jaan müirseppal	per
an elts	per
miina rootsi	per
jürri tuhha jakob waddi a	per
baron stackelberg	per
kukke	loc
otza pedo	per
thomas sveberg	per
tiets allikof.	per
michel urb'ile	per
rehpendri	per
pallawa	loc
weser	per
jaan jaeger	per
hans naukas	per
lahhe	per
jaan kolga	per
jaan niglason	per
liis pabor	per
michel jürri	per
jürri tiisel	per
anno wilkmann	per
kymenthal	per
kusta must	per
jaan moonsoon	per
mari mardi lesk laub	per
hindrek roose	per
maddis paas	per
juhan erlich	per
jaan karulas	per
marja samilow	per
jaen popus	per
paulus suski	per
mihkel kaumann	per
karl sabba	per
johan oja	per
adu kukk	per
aron willip	per
ann kallas	per
otto reimann	per
juhan ausmees	per
madis liwak	per
sotska timofei koschow	per
adam ehrendorf	per
daniel oper	per
hans lillekampf	per
feodor sorokin	per
joosep millermann	per
jaak warres	per
david terral jaani	per
jaan kolk	per
willem krõus	per
jaan hansing	per
d. marki	per
kusta neerot	per
peeter madissoni	per
peter temo	per
mihkel part	per
peter willakul	per
hans oorull	per
aleksei rõischow	per
karl spriit	per
jüri herzmann	per
juhhan plaan	per
hans limbärg	per
j. tilkson	per
tenno	loc
johan kolli	per
alexander rosenberg	per
henn mörd	per
jaan neumann	per
kristjan part	per
jaan kiik	per
wido raudas	per
paap kiudorw	per
peter eddal	per
peeter widriks	per
gatserina pachazov	per
jaen ninn	per
jaan kilk	per
tanno sippil	per
markus mengelshtein	per
wassili rüütel	per
mari lõhmus	per
jaan tiid'u	per
peter iwanow	per
mihhel orjak	per
mert rautsepp	per
widrik tamm	per
maddis saar	per
jaan thalfeld	per
anna raudsep	per
liisa paidrason	per
jüri puusepp	per
kustas wentsel	per
peter läck	per
a. kurikofile	per
jaan raitar	per
jaan rodemann	per
mihkel terik	per
karel kiis	per
johan hangole	per
peeter eichelmann	per
ott aben	per
iwan lalin	per
jakob oinuse	per
waino	per
peter nõmm	per
piiriarro	loc
michel nilo	per
kadri brudel	per
juhhan	per
peeter molok	per
jürrij tingar	per
peeter plaks	per
jürri mäe	per
sõugese willip	per
josep	per
jaan otsingi	per
joosep kisard	per
mari jed	per
jaan awik	per
tio tarkmeel	per
hindrik parrind	per
tõnnis pertmann	per
mai mollok	per
peeter hendrika poeg adamson	per
jürri mintel	per
a.pihl	per
jahni abram lesk marri	per
t	misc
mart sandman	per
juhan laan	per
andres klaas	per
tönnis leider	per
jürri kongas	per
jakob kaarfeld	per
jaan toodeson	per
jaan raud	per
hendrik rütel	per
mari pihlakpuu	per
ann arik	per
hans essensoni	per
jaan janussow	per
karel bergelbaum	per
johan nagel	per
august kõrwel	per
marri jõggi	per
nätsu juhan	per
jaak hiob	per
lisa toming	per
jaak kiwwisaar	per
jaan piri,	per
ludwig klinge gustawi poeg	per
willem walder	per
josep menow	per
gustav wikberg	per
jüri knaet	per
k borkwell	per
mart kriit	per
peets luk	per
mari pärn	per
peeter johanson	per
juhkama	loc
jaan breiman	per
karl mölder	per
johan klaossoon	per
anno watzar	per
hans unniwer	per
peter jahnit	per
saia	loc
karel habakuk	per
kadri kübbar	per
jüri pirson	per
jaan punson	per
jaan loko	per
andres lippand	per
jüri jaani p . raudsiku	per
peter jõksile	per
tomas rehwelt	per
jürri waddi	per
jürri anser	per
hnso reinmanni	per
kustas loel	per
jaak pratka	per
t. sanwiik	per
ado wares	per
jaan mikson	per
p. von maidell	per
siimujaani	loc
jaan parris	per
abram raja	per
jaan neinberk	per
jaan mokra	per
hindrik pärn	per
mihkel paapsi	per
rudolph hörmann	per
johannsoni	per
joh. suits	per
karel tomik	per
mihkel molok	per
magnus ado poeg tarius	per
peter hindrikson	per
mina walwas	per
jakob pajus	per
aadu metusa	per
hans sawwi	per
juhhan risti,willem elmi	per
mihkel aulik	per
kai lang	per
jaan tikw	per
an tressel	per
jaak kilk	per
mari reinwald	per
gustaw kokka	per
jakob masso	per
markus allik	per
marri palm	per
köppo	loc
juhhan loops	per
wossi	per
jakobi	per
karl tork	per
juhhan roika	per
karel	per
kusta kurik	per
tõnnis kass	per
silmsi mois	per
soltan tomas wända	per
kustas wasne	per
karl oigus	per
märt maling	per
karl wär	per
aleksander truu	per
e. mutso	per
peter timusk	per
walker	per
peter terral	per
hans sõeroja	per
matsi jagu	per
martna	loc
ann link	per
josep welt	per
ann lätt	per
wiido ritsing	per
hindrik zubas	per
hindrik rosi	per
hindrik kurg	per
jaak thomson	per
aida	loc
dawid kilk	per
madis tamm andrese poeg	per
jaan mihkle p west	per
ann muld	per
jürri meinnartpoom	per
brigitta herenström	per
jürri must	per
filip fedorow	per
kusta parmson	per
jaan kõiw	per
widrik kõllamets	per
madli konn	per
jaan loddo	per
isak kübbär	per
jaan assori	per
kütipeter johan	per
mühlbergilt	per
willem soieva	per
jaak lipert	per
maddise Gorel	PER
lars gäddman	per
johan johanson	per
johan tootz	per
johan sõrg	per
jaan männiksaar	per
jak reino poeg	per
jaan kohhol	per
kusta reinmann	per
tõnis oja	per
hans herma	per
mick kaup	per
jaan wiiron	per
hans jöggi	per
jürri päll	per
hindrik mootse	per
aksel akselin	per
punschum	misc
kristjan wirga	per
rein reins	per
tõnu ling	per
marri pärn	per
metsawallitseja Gross	PER
sander weltmann	per
grigori muchin	per
jürri sooberg	per
anno wibur	per
michel holteri	per
jaan timmant	per
mihkel kibus	per
marri kasik	per
joosep anni	per
hans wassmann	per
fedor perrikow	per
jakob rondik	per
johan oijawer	per
palootsa joosep	per
otto lätti	per
jaan tismann	per
etsawaht Jaan Moggow	PER
jaanus soots	per
ado jana	per
awdotja mitrofanowna	per
josep havakiwwi	per
mihkel oeigus	per
mari lenzius	per
marri leht	per
peter merdas	per
jaan malter	per
aggali	loc
ann malm	per
rein (roman)0jaagu p. mikkow (ka mikko ja mikk)	per
karel malm	per
peter jonas	per
rein mahler	per
anders glad	per
marri nuja	per
v	per
oii	MISC
jaak peep	per
juhan takkis	per
august hallap	per
mart nigols	per
jürri west	per
liis punson	per
juhhan ehrlich	per
taniel pormann	per
josep raja	per
mari rüütli	per
leno ummus	per
mart tooma p. sommer	per
hindrik ja mart palm	per
rein pesla	per
josep mäggi	per
willem jakobi p. rosenfeldt	per
p. somberg	per
juhhan peterson	per
liwen dörk	per
lemmergas	per
peter runinge	per
petr janov tseigerj"	per
mihail jaani poeg saks	per
karel olla,	per
liso martinson	per
matz reitdorf	per
miina meltsasse	per
ann reinu t mikkow	per
anu padar	per
wassili pisaref	per
triin armand	per
maddis tomik	per
adam matzon	per
madis palm	per
karel ärdis	per
jaan esko	per
fabian pahlberg	per
kaarel pudiser	per
jürrij traks	per
jaan einselli	per
jüri seldniku	per
hindrik leet	per
karel errapart	per
mart brandman	per
a.traugott	per
antoni truwert	per
mihkel weidemann	per
ritz park	per
jakob lepman	per
mihkel laid tonise poeg	per
wassil nitsikow	per
mikifer kurnossow	per
reino juhann	per
iwan toompu	per
jakop tenno	per
ans	per
jürri wiinberg	per
jaan kooskorra	per
tönnis wanaselja	per
wiido perkson	per
emilie muhin	per
juhan sau	per
hans killing	per
kusta iwanthali	per
pobbol patska jaan	per
karl lutrow	per
jaan ilpus	per
jürri kossas	per
metsavaht Karel Turk	PER
juhan lepik	per
tannel aulik l. n ann	per
jaan kersa	per
jürri laub	per
karel kalew	per
jaan pärna	per
wido karuson	per
timmofei waronin	per
johann ja jüri johani pojad keremid	per
jakop tiislar	per
hans lasn	per
joosep raudsepa	per
perrisprawwa	per
jaen karli poeg mägi	per
simoon seil	per
karl reinbach	per
jaan laane	per
mart wahhartal	per
jaan kongas	per
josep jürrison	per
mihkel klaos	per
jaan wall	per
feodor iwanow trussow	per
hindrik loko	per
pulli jürri	per
anna wastallo	per
jaan lestberg	per
käusta peter jahn	per
iwan makajew politanow	per
hans tikwa	per
mart einberg	per
peet	per
jakob kerrä	per
aleksei üksti	per
hans pessa	per
lesknaene  Mariana Kukk	PER
adrian mihaili poeg allikas	per
karl sinka	per
carl von seidlitz	per
joosep tamberg	per
karl puksow	per
wido kontsa	per
juhhan soba	per
maddis õunap	per
jakkob waddi	per
männiku	loc
johann kalda	per
peter kittesk	per
luukse	per
eustaiti	misc
hans sirak	per
iwan serglow	per
leonti iwanow politanow	per
johani jahnale	per
hans purason	per
jaan hansoon	per
adu telliskiwi	per
mart bloom	per
mart nöm	per
ello paats	per
johan watsar	per
andrus tiik	per
hans kruusmann	per
jaanus lipplap	per
foma parfejew	per
jacob mustmann	per
weodor kromonow	per
juhan taneberg	per
josep kasik	per
feodor nemetz	per
hans ram	per
walla wannem kustaw kokka	per
mart brauar	per
marri mäe	per
jüri wiitman	per
a	per
johan rebane	per
jüri jurra	per
kai tohher	per
jaan sults	per
jaan weltmann	per
tiina mokk	per
r. reints	per
mari ellermann	per
mats kaggowerre	per
gustaw reinfeld	per
mihkel toming madise poeg	per
peter põltur	per
limani ado elmus	per
karl uustem	per
ann matson	per
juuli reedika lesk sau	per
neissar	per
jüri tomingale	per
johann kahro	per
tõnnis sibbul	per
hinn kütt	per
juhhan lipstal	per
jaan kauson	per
leena wossmann	per
mihkel rattasep	per
dawid hinzer	per
mai matson	per
eduarda kustmana	per
lollo	per
jakop greesch	per
karel waldekopile	per
hans seeru	per
i potahof	per
hans tamfeld	per
kusta kusik	per
jaan kriggoland	per
tomas habakuk	per
lars blomann	per
h. ermann	per
hans hanso poeg preibach	per
karli wilup	per
karel waht	per
mai horn	per
mats matsi poeg alsiades	per
abram uukiwi	per
johann kiss	per
michel hansing	per
leena kaha	per
kristja part jaani poeg	per
mihkel kurru	per
jürri tomik	per
adam lipp	per
ilja maxemow	per
kucka karli naene anno	per
jaan michelson	per
mihkel kok	per
wiio parmann	per
ann lange	per
johan hansu poeg juhkamson	per
iwan limonow	per
kustas treiman	per
jaen waiak	per
joosep koor	per
abram järats	per
jürri grünberg	per
imma peter	per
jakob kottis	per
mert, peedi poeg lippart	per
mihkel kirschberg	per
karl öun	per
tina leitam	per
tennokese adam	per
michel erik	per
jakob iis	per
jaan wisk	per
wanka gerassimow	per
hinso	loc
wio onemar	per
wilhelm	per
marri tam	per
siegert	per
jaan wallmann	per
jaan piir	per
tomas tomik	per
sachar maximowi	per
widrik urgardi	per
hans kangur	per
mik rebane	per
leeno pohlakas	per
karel tamm	per
walda uibo	per
mina pedok	per
pawel matwei	per
karel jogor	per
maunus	per
pekker	PER
kusta kaak	per
leno traks	per
ehnbaum	per
kusta saag	per
aak Urgas	PER
mart wasserman	per
jürri reisenpuk	per
a. nimrod	per
agatja makejewa borodkina	per
hindrik kotsar	per
märt orjawits	per
leeno saks	per
liis karrin	per
karel abakuk	per
peter simanow sudomoikin	per
tönnis ridebach	per
jakob rönnkwist	per
jaan huik	per
johan hangu	per
johann waht	per
taniel lük	per
iwan rübalowski	per
iwan antonow jerschow	per
juri oidermann	per
pobbol kangro märt	per
jürri lasko	per
ann paas	per
mai palla	per
tawet usen	per
mart soldat	per
räga	loc
w	misc
karel waarend	per
marri luik	per
juhan andreks	per
jaan rassi	per
jaan paats	per
johan anni	per
hans kristjan	per
andre wähhi	per
marri permas	per
jüri neidmann	per
nnimest Jürri Männi	PER
laes wirwes	per
eduard rjunsa	per
abr. snell	per
august matsi p. klooren	per
jaan meos	per
jakop kruup	per
mihkle	per
jüri pechmann	per
juhhan kuk	per
j. loko	per
totz prakli	per
maddis pärnn	per
märt piiri	per
trauberg	per
wallawöörmönder abram nahkur	per
mihkel rünkwist	per
liiso koido	per
marri jaago	per
jakob hindrikson	per
daniel kooki	per
maddis wahher	per
thomas kluust	per
jürri saardson	per
hans trummel	per
johann pihho	per
thomas hörberg	per
jula kado	per
jaan terali	per
orro johan	per
mai piir	per
luiga	loc
wawila wasiljew koslow	per
kusta tobia	per
mihkel pomm madise poeg	per
mihkel pugri	per
hans keskülla	per
hans pallenberg	per
jakob surra	per
mihkaila petuhw	per
maddis rätsep	per
johan matsoni	per
anders storholm	per
c schulbach	per
a. reudoffi	per
karel wilip	per
jürri puck	per
anton kusow	per
johanil	per
peter undrits	per
juhan ado p. kuuskler	per
jaan wääri	per
jaan messipuu	per
jaan reino poeg jeösuu	per
märt piir	per
jaan london	per
marret	per
jürri jakobson	per
mitre iwanow	per
andrei petrow zwetkow	per
johan makk	per
marri illustsund	per
liis saag	per
carl lorentson	per
mihkel tikmann	per
leno koppel	per
marri paukam	per
iwan mikifer kurnossow	per
c. siwting	per
hans miller	per
mihkel rebane	per
jaan laaritz	per
josep hawakiwwi	per
ann otsmann	per
andres reisenpuki	per
peetrus burkhardt	per
kuse andres	per
liis zirna	per
jurri wensel	per
hans wolt	per
teodor	per
jüri laid tõnise poeg	per
jaan winglas	per
jahn suck	per
j. iis	per
endrik nimrod	per
karel rosi	per
thomas lättile	per
mari tunkel	per
maddis ninepu	per
mihkel habakukk	per
jaan berkenbaum	per
jaan lodi	per
johannes nyberg	per
tietso	per
j. korkmann	per
ewa rosenberg	per
andrus jõeleht	per
maddis niemann	per
jaan söönberg	per
leena korpmann	per
m woimann	per
ludwig gustawi poeg klinge	per
p	per
hendrik lipert	per
jaan sabba	per
jagop tarkind	per
tõnnis rand	per
jaan kristowask	per
jahn marfeld	per
andres kütt	per
mihkel waldmann	per
ann moondo	per
jaan zengson	per
tonnis pertmann	per
ewa park	per
jakob rehi	per
marri piik	per
mihkel puu	per
pridik	per
josep metsis	per
willem kesküllale	per
peeter rättsepp	per
jaan narruskow	per
kirrista hindrik	per
lena mäggi	per
metsawallitseja Grossi	PER
pedu lepland	per
jürri muandi	per
jürri kandelini	per
kristjan andrey	per
ann loko	per
toomas napp	per
mik rebase	per
winsi	loc
jaan masik	per
jakub kukrus	per
peep jürjenson	per
ewa kandelin	per
jurri udikas	per
tannil loid	per
kiwwi jaan	per
mihkel jürda	per
jaan seeba	per
liso wilbüks	per
lisa puusta	per
liis koort	per
fritz reinert	per
wasili galafejew	per
jürri kurs	per
pritik sommer	per
hindrek pupas	per
jaan kasik	per
k. trauberg	per
ann mühlberg käggo	per
jaan pock	per
karel siirman	per
an tortentahl	per
juhan säärglep	per
jahn mennik	per
otto peek	per
juhannes jurmann	per
lüido tõnnis hübner	per
friedrich mandel	per
kustaw tammeweske	per
karl aintz	per
johann alajaan	per
hans karleshon	per
kissa mihkli	per
aakre	per
jaan suck	per
kristin rooberg	per
ans pukisaar	per
johann reimann	per
joosep wilipsoon	per
peter meius	per
jaan kers	per
marri sok	per
juhhan tik	per
kai mührsepp	per
ello lepp	per
hans sönnajalg	per
u	MISC
simon lausing	per
jüri kuusik	per
tönno lille	per
michel uibo	per
writs wreimannile	per
jaan paemurru	per
mart hundt	per
k. böttcher	per
jürri ohno	per
jaan kolli	per
dewid	per
mart simmermann	per
wörster Runge	PER
kärdi	loc
jaan aawer	per
tõnis ries	per
jaak kalm	per
jaan mardi p. klooren	per
lena jannast	per
karl hödemann	per
andre	per
jani josepi	per
frits menow	per
hans elijas	per
hans kalberg	per
jüri seppa	per
anno koch	per
wirrolasse peter	per
an ruben	per
mihkel sildnik	per
märd jõggewa	per
maddis allik	per
piripebo	loc
märt laats	per
jürri woika	per
josep riis	per
fr. waldmann	per
sophie ehrlich	per
mats mõisnik	per
ott sakk	per
karel oia	per
jakob jaani p. siirmann	per
jula kirspu	per
sophie preisson	per
hans wattmann	per
adam löiwi	per
laas riis	per
mart leht	per
tobiask	per
feder iwanof	per
jakob reinhold johani poeg	per
kahkwal	per
tomas kiks	per
friedrisohn	per
peter witkin	per
jaak willem	per
karel otsing	per
üri Kummel	PER
mihkel amisep	per
jakob rand	per
johann oea	per
kiudo karl	per
maz janz	per
josep reisenpuk	per
juhan möll	per
funcke	per
johan ossip	per
peter ichla	per
paul päll	per
widrik urgard	per
liisu liiwer	per
andres Kiik	PER
joosep andersoon	per
kusta wõsu	per
lause	per
widrik kangro	per
siem tõnn	per
karl zerning	per
juhan kõerw	per
mart parkas	per
rautseppa	per
an mets	per
jürry rebbane	per
jaan wahtman	per
rein oinbergi	per
peeter naeres	per
jefim karelin	per
juuli ado tüttar allik	per
jurrij ennelane	per
anno reismann	per
jürri kepp	per
leena tint	per
matrona kusnezowa	per
ludvig sallo.	per
juhan lessenberg	per
tõnis kütt	per
ann	per
mihkel rondik	per
lisa lastiko	per
jöppi	per
liso killubert	per
johann pürga	per
hans luts	per
jurrij	per
andres wahi	per
mari nurk	per
ado rossfeldt	per
peeter lebedew	per
johan peterson	per
madis siller	per
pleiman	per
tiina jõe	per
tatjana dmitrijewna sadownikowa	per
thomas beckman	per
hans rosenbek	per
hindrik toll	per
andres mitt	per
josep wigand	per
aabrami	per
kaarli iis	per
otto adams	per
peter mitt	per
johan kusma	per
an thomson	per
johan lokk	per
anna hansu tütre joosti	per
j. lepane	per
joosep piirson	per
david jürgenson	per
juhan jürri poeg josia	per
leenu üks	per
kustaw käär tooma poeg	per
johann akerberg	per
laus wakrööm	per
liisa uussil	per
hans ehrnwerth	per
jaan korjus	per
kusta aunap	per
johann wäiku	per
peter mihkelson	per
tõnnis sare	per
margus kallis	per
jaan rongi	per
hindrek rammul	per
hindrik laar	per
akob Perramet	PER
rosenthal	per
ado jakobson	per
ilja ossipow osubuschkin	per
mart wunder	per
hans ritson	per
juhan mihkle p. adalbert	per
liis kollo	per
johann wedik	per
peet weevo	per
herron baron von tiesenhauser	per
josep pihkwa jaani poeg	per
piri	loc
peter laugen	per
ado raudsep	per
marri kangor	per
karl margus	per
iwan anufrijefi	per
mart töldsep	per
juhan juhani p. aunapuult	per
mats pären	per
adam traugott	per
iwan maddi	per
hans witin	per
leena mihelson	per
adam ekarius	per
mihkel niit	per
mihkel rätsep	per
rodima jakkop	per
schrõder	per
lena miisna	per
ewa tälli	per
ann piirson	per
tõnu kärp	per
kusta kristjani p. steinwald	per
jakob joesaar	per
kustas kolmrist	per
jaen teäär	per
jaan pöderson	per
andre temo	per
ann jantzon	per
christian weissner	per
jaan tuhha	per
johannes kopermmann	per
jaan sawal	per
jaan wilmann	per
karl menow	per
jaan seppelkeunist	per
mina tralla	per
jaan otzinge	per
mihkel andruse poeg maripuu	per
kusta roose	per
kusta uulits	per
jaan kotto	per
johan swedberg	per
kusta watsar	per
frommhold balzar	per
t. hörden	per
marri wiraht	per
jaan laarits	per
lars fellini	per
karl irbe	per
andres jaani p. oja	per
mihkel rõmus	per
sohwi tammemäe	per
christjan leiwat	per
karl reinomäggi	per
mart paju	per
peter usuls	per
jakob jüri p. worstmann	per
irinja ruunin	per
johan gotfried grüner	per
daniel dawid	per
jüri soots	per
kusta goldbergi	per
josep kerge	per
mihkel hansu poeg mustkiwi	per
kai jallak	per
kersti bollmann	per
ann margus	per
pertel wuks	per
tõnu roosenberg	per
hindrik matson	per
hans loopert	per
johann willemsoni	per
peter horn	per
jakov petrow safronow	per
gegor gerassimov	per
kaarl otter	per
kristjan abroil,	per
jüri reimer	per
jürri laurson	per
edgar von loewis of menari	per
peeter poola	per
peter teäär	per
hans normann	per
juhan sengbusch	per
jürri kruselli	per
peep märdikesse	per
tehwan masik	per
ello jürgens	per
ado risikambi	per
jaan jaani p. aniwald	per
hans kaasik	per
juri raamann	per
juhhan tethloff	per
kristjan wanda	per
josep loiw	per
jüri rosenberg	per
peeter niilus	per
jakob orraw	per
andres kongas	per
peter naeres	per
aleksei jakov´ sau	per
jakob iis	per
michel holter	per
kotlep s	per
mai laur	per
karl kruuse	per
w. tartu	per
maddis watter	per
hendrik peedo	per
hindrik tiik	per
tootsi	loc
jürri jani p. marmei	per
jacob aunapu	per
aleksei lõhmus	per
jaan klaus	per
jakob achtmann	per
josep sild	per
johhan dobre	per
iwan mihaili p wäli	per
wrangell	per
mihkel riidu poeg süld	per
johan reinhold jürri poeg	per
kotlep rep	per
ritz gustavson	per
madis leuska	per
marija rönnqvist	per
mats oberman	per
johhan seppale	per
josep tosso	per
johann hanso poeg aron	per
peter meltz	per
wosmi hindriko	per
andres torbek	per
leno rodi	per
kusta michelson	per
liis tätte	per
gustaw schlem	per
rein pajo	per
sutti	loc
matli sõukand	per
ohann Wirkhauseni	PER
jürri männi	per
andres petti	per
josep jaani poeg neumann	per
johan zirna	per
jakob maibaum	per
juhan tumm	per
anu paatsi	per
johan prommi	per
ewa kelmser	per
jakob kiljak	per
kusta kont	per
ann toom	per
tõnnis taal	per
johan kuk	per
ewert land	per
jürri elmi	per
tomas wenne	per
mihkel lutwig	per
paide	loc
abram olt	per
storberg	per
jaan oks	per
hans mihkli p. kokkus	per
andres wälli	per
mihkel luk	per
andreas strude	per
josep lepp	per
lars fageros	per
sawapebo peter	per
liso tölbi	per
simmo eller	per
juhunn reinhuld	per
jüri waldpr	per
jaan isbeth	per
ann sare poeg karel	per
jaan preitohw	per
hans promann	per
w. peters	per
raakli joest	per
kustas jüri poeg willibald	per
johan raija	per
karel kääri	per
karel beelberg	per
joest aun	per
johann wiira	per
j. roosneek	per
jüri allen	per
sohröder	per
mats tooma poeg errin	per
lina jürrison	per
jakob pedoksaar	per
johan warik	per
jaak piep	per
menowi	per
bruhns	per
juhhan koppel	per
elias jõggi	per
mihkel pajo	per
mart kerwes	per
mart wilborn	per
jaan walbet	per
kusta lenzins	per
juhan hargi	per
hindrik kikkas	per
wido oijow	per
laas kelk	per
andres johannsohn	per
karl naruskow	per
kristo kreenbaum	per
warbola	per
juhan trewerk	per
jula weisenberg	per
anu kangru	per
krõt pass	per
hans hanso p. tarjus	per
maddis mitt	per
jaak rekandi	per
samo indt	per
j. janson	per
maddis pissa	per
toomas pahkwerk	per
willem norkati	per
jaak jerlof	per
ann willemson	per
otto kerneri	per
friedrich leisik	per
jaan oppar	per
johannes jaani poeg lepberg	per
juhan kask	per
juhhan lilleput	per
barron ungern sternberg	per
jürri andreas	per
jürri kopti	per
jagub hendriksohn	per
friedrich hesse	per
miiho johanile	per
timofei fedotow solowjew	per
peeter lipson	per
ewa täl	per
mart kaunisaar mihkli poeg	per
juula kärtmann	per
mats kräh	per
ilji potahhova	per
karel trauberg	per
jaak torppal	per
jaan petri poeg keedus	per
ello tomik	per
jaan tennosar	per
hans käär	per
fritz mäland	per
karl juhani poeg arro	per
w. wakker	per
kerstna jaan	per
maksim mascharow	per
juri põlenik	per
jaan zirku	per
jakob wilba	per
miina miksoon	per
jaan kotti	per
karl tensing	per
mihai päästel	per
hans asse	per
jakob sulp	per
hindrik puhkim	per
aaron saul	per
v. Maijdel	PER
koit	per
h. günther	per
jürri tomingas	per
karl tensinge	per
jürri kukk	per
garafim iwanow poläkow	per
peet tõu	per
jüri põlendik	per
kärsna matson	per
josep pluum	per
pertel promann	per
liisu klebergi	per
karl parmason	per
hindrek jürgensohn	per
tartu keiserliku iii  kihelkonnakohtu	per
juhan pehk	per
johan muttuska	per
selli hans	per
mihkel moos	per
aleksander reimann	per
jakob saat	per
otto won kotzebue	per
marina jegorowna solotnikowa	per
märt tamm	per
jaan derrik	per
tönno kado	per
fr gross	per
toomas teadmatta	per
jaak alliko	per
alleksei tumanuw	per
tõnnu nerro	per
rist riesenberg	per
tolgeonet	misc
andres erlich	per
johan beckman	per
mihaila ameljanov kafabow	per
lihalõpe hants heilmann	per
ue põltsama moisas	per
jakob niismann	per
pobl	misc
juhhan udeedekül	per
johan pekka	per
peeter lindmann	per
hans kabran	per
tõnu pamberg	per
märt päll	per
hans sik	per
a	misc
leena kurman	per
mihkel pärtli	per
peeter ehwars	per
peeter nagel	per
jakob woss	per
tomas õunapu	per
willem willemson	per
ingel simoue	per
hans soots	per
kristjan hörawikuga	per
kai kask	per
jaan padrätschik	per
peeter kuusik	per
dudarowsky	per
jürri freybusch	per
mihkel jõggi	per
jaan raja	per
writs wreimann	per
metsawaht karel waht	per
sachar alaximowi	per
tanel kukkemelk	per
karel uukwolber	per
trifon alexejew barhatohw	per
anders thimm	per
elda	loc
peet kalju	per
janas kalmus	misc
ado simo	per
tõnnis koovits	per
karel tuul	per
fritz kuus	per
jaan rosen	per
mangus külli	per
tiit sander	per
jaan sumbak	per
jürri poom	per
jan karing	per
tõnno neider	per
joosep truumann	per
lisa lannu	per
jaan rüütli	per
katrina	per
mina klaas	per
karl bergmann	per
juhan engelbrechti	per
mert reinson	per
jurri tellmann	per
jürri habo	per
hindrik jakobi	per
johan wahtrik	per
metsawaht gustav nukka	per
leno kummelbi	per
kondra	loc
rein prulsen	per
jaak lehmann	per
joosep wiido p mälton	per
toomas peetri p. lippu	per
josep lätti	per
hans luik	per
jaan issaköenno	per
jakob wach	per
an saar	per
jüri kreis	per
mikita nitsikowile	per
aadu tammu	per
punnaku jaanil	per
peeter peikelilt	per
tomas kasak	per
peep porowardja	per
moisawallitseja funcke	per
janus janussohn	per
jakob martin	per
johan rooma	per
jaan tingas	per
kusta juhkam	per
jaan kütt	per
wassili grigorjew gamsin	per
jaan kirts	per
liis pabori	per
tanel sumatawet	per
an pessur	per
ann kailep	per
katre ling	per
peter lüddinus	per
aleksander talp	per
jaan simoi	per
lehmalz	per
löwi	per
laane tõnnis ausing	per
kusta lodesson	per
wiido palkow	per
jaan wärw	per
karl hansen	per
liis keertman	per
jüri kraft	per
andre härm	per
juhan koolmeister	per
johan tortenthal	per
von Nolckeni	PER
lawrenti semenow rõibakow	per
johannes laigar	per
tõnis asaw	per
jakob sonitsi	per
juhan wiigar	per
jaan jamul	per
jakob rusnek	per
jürri truus	per
hans neufeldt	per
jaan pajos	per
jakkob  perramet	per
hans pahmann	per
jaan anni	per
josep kallais	per
tõnis hendrekson	per
tannil lang	per
an paulmann	per
mari semmel	per
kustaw sarwika	per
juhhan schubarew	per
alexander fomkina	per
hans herm	per
johanna kiltre	per
jaan mutsa	per
tobrusse jakob kunapu	per
hans kübbar	per
wido kiudosk	per
josep mihkelson	per
peter markus	per
tawet kütt	per
jaan lautz	per
leenu wunder	per
kustaw pender	per
gusta sarr	per
hindrek löwenstahl	per
chawronja tichanowa	per
mihkel laumetsa	per
karel kurjama	per
mina seil	per
leno holter	per
tõnno odrats	per
antoni täht	per
mihkel konsa	per
wahher	per
andres holtsmann	per
maddis niit	per
jürri meinnartpom	per
karel eplari	per
hendrik timmusk	per
juhan naptal	per
jaan liplekas	per
redik puu	per
johan wesk	per
käri mik kraanwelt	per
karli neunberg	per
marri mustel	per
johan walini	per
hendrik piirson	per
ann kaer	per
darja jakowlewna	per
anton pruul	per
mihkel saardson	per
jürri schönberg	per
gustaw sepp	per
willem spriit	per
august pey	per
joseb kaarel	per
enno sunn	per
mihkle jakob tamberg	per
kersten paul mark	per
christian krahw	per
johannes tint	per
siim paab	per
hans dahl	per
wan Belosubow	PER
willema juhhani pois jakob	per
peeter juhani p. pikk	per
peter klaus	per
nenila bogdanowna	per
isak põdder	per
märt karu	per
kristine urmaker	per
josep urgand	per
kusta lenzius	per
thomas leppiko	per
hans roosteri	per
kaarel kull	per
juhan kusma	per
kusmin karpohw	per
jahn kobba	per
mihkel lepp	per
johann muru	per
k. lensman	per
tomas andresson	per
kristjan kutzari	per
andre purge	per
mihkel rebase	per
marri leetberg	per
hans troost	per
jaan kallast	per
a. reudolf	per
jürri sönorm	per
jakob karoson	per
rein buk	per
peedo küüts	per
jakobson	per
kuri mart	per
johan tenosaar	per
kustas sippelken	per
kersna ripsa	per
ennul	per
peter ollesk	per
peeter koolmeister	per
mihkel juurikas	per
hanne wõikson	per
adam kusik	per
mihkel kreitsbergi	per
piiri	loc
hans idami	per
jaan womp	per
issako peter	per
tawet willemson	per
tönno täht	per
marri nurmann	per
märt aanapu	per
tallitaja jürri plank	per
josep lepson	per
jaan kure	per
ann lang	per
jaan blumberg	per
marija österlin	per
p:südda	per
peter uint	per
maria	per
jakow iwanow skorohodow	per
jaan amer	per
johann wassur	per
mats tampfeldt	per
tannel leiserperg	per
juhhan numa	per
mert	per
mart tooma poeg asa	per
baron pilau	per
jaen pilder	per
peter kartmann	per
jaan rosenthal	per
marri tunis	per
hans kööp	per
hendrik leisson	per
johan kahho	per
enrik reissaar	per
jürri linder	per
weera adu lesk kaasik	per
adam träss	per
jaan käerik	per
johannes kalew	per
karel kreos	per
jürri hammar	per
mihail peet	per
hans obermann	per
marri wähhe	per
landrath von braschi	per
jaan lange	per
marri lepik	per
peeter aadamson	per
niclassen	per
mango marmon	per
hans kutter	per
johann ett	per
rein zernant	per
willem limper	per
mihkel luik	per
jüri kleesma	per
salomonida prokofjewna	per
ann tarkind	per
peter kuk	per
tõnno rüter	per
peep rihm	per
hindrek nurk	per
jaan rosenbaum	per
juula raudsik	per
ann lipp	per
andrei otsa jürri	per
herra baron v. tiesenhausen	per
tomas waino	per
jürri tamea	per
hindrek mäeots	per
juhan kuruk	per
jaan sorm	per
kawrila jermoloiw	per
juhan ehrenbussi	per
simon kurvits	per
iwan timofejew kulakowa	per
peter kusik	per
widrik pai	per
tõnno hörden	per
tuncke	per
mart tetlohw	per
jurri arru	per
jacob kangor toma essimenne poeg	per
jaan puik	per
willem pissa	per
mart mit	per
maddis waddi	per
kottar kampus	per
jakob kaddak	per
madis	per
kärsna matzon	per
lausse nurja	per
johann bergmann	per
mihkel kaptein	per
mihkel kull	per
priido reinborn	per
mees Josep Antong	PER
marri soon	per
hendrik sikkut	per
tõnu luther	per
philip alexejew	per
adam kä	per
peter narrosk	per
b. von stackelbergi	per
juhhan rosimäggi	per
jurri teier	per
punnapae jahn	per
jaan tork	per
lena amisep	per
aawiku hants toomwap	per
tõnu nokkur	per
w. ehnbohm	per
hans parnabas	per
jürri wahartall	per
johan täll	per
hans inner	per
mart ammerberg	per
joh. johannson	per
daniel ritsland	per
karel kurs	per
aadam ratas	per
hans mihelson	per
gustav holm	per
fedor ilgin	per
mihkel juhani p priske	per
peter sawasoni	per
jüri erzmann	per
kustav insleer	per
abram murrakas	per
liis golberg	per
feodor kutmann	per
peter bogdanow	per
august kuusiku	per
mart mardi p. gross	per
hindrik palts	per
fedor saweljew kromonow	per
jaan pärnn	per
linse juhann	per
strutel e	per
nicolai mähle	per
kukke jaak	per
mats baumann	per
härmo raudman	per
jakob juro	per
"Se Perremehe	PER
mart welsker	per
arraka mihkel	per
arraka adama ann	per
peter wikkind	per
krõõt nidik	per
mari ots	per
hans karist	per
petter soo	per
kristian weisner	per
michail iwanow	per
paap	per
jaan ernits	per
jürri suits	per
liiso willmann	per
josep sallu	per
mart willard	per
karel kükkit	per
hindrik silla	per
jaan edrole	per
marri külla	per
gertrud fellin	per
hans kado	per
emilie treu	per
kohler	per
peeter soots	per
hindrik lukk	per
jakob meening	per
abram lepp	per
tõnno arro	per
jaan witismann	per
redik mai	per
peeter rootsman	per
kapp	per
kapsi	loc
johan nyblom	per
juhan reinu p. kredeman	per
ado ahlmann	per
johann kass	per
jaan ado poeg aron	per
sohrõder	per
writz pintson	per
peeter udel	per
aadu sengbusch	per
jaan kalamä	per
alexei saamel	per
jagup oskar'i	per
rein pabuskiga	per
peter johanson	per
johann pap	per
liis tennok	per
hindrik zirna	per
hans tommingas	per
jurri johanson	per
lill	per
marie lipson	per
hindrik lippus	per
pärt niit	per
jaen karli poeg tatter	per
hendrik norman	per
liisa oleks marti lesk	per
karl lüdimois	per
jürri luik	per
päärn niimann	per
joosep paapsi	per
lehmann	per
hans allast,	per
jürri waino	per
michel ruth	per
ludwig klinge gustawi pg	per
prits sellie	per
rein puk	per
mari wastallo	per
alexei koslow	per
karel martinson	per
arjo	loc
mik lewet	per
mihkel jana	per
august aleksandri pg jürgenson	per
johan siska	per
mihkel ratik	per
missikse sulane hans	per
aadu gams	per
mart juhkam	per
peeter tenno	per
jugana janova paal	per
karl baumann	per
rein rick	per
mihkel lauringson	per
liso kartsep	per
johan matsari	per
jurri kampmann	per
adam pedoson	per
jürri jürra	per
otto tõnisberg	per
hans wisitam	per
rein oinberg	per
ado tarkmeel	per
ado bergstein	per
peeter jakobi	per
kirjutaja andres	per
peter tuul	per
juhan koukberg	per
peter laos	per
jürri meinnart poom	per
gottl. molokal	per
nekrut nr 1 josep lallo mango poig	per
juula pender	per
johan põdder	per
hindrek jakow	per
jüri mihkle p. jakobson	per
kristjan nano	per
jürri kingseppa	per
jaan särg	per
anu piller	per
peter ruus	per
sprenger	per
jüri hansu p. põierpass	per
jürri willart	per
marre link	per
jaan wassilso	per
mart blatt	per
thomas weiman	per
mihkel kausohn	per
welsekke johane	per
liis põdra	per
rein kert	per
jaan paap	per
josep õunapu	per
lilo riihma	per
peter kindel	per
jürri pumann	per
vjatsskoi	per
leeno lepwikmann	per
jakob willemson	per
alexander jonas	per
m. silman	per
pussi jürri	per
karl elijas	per
jaan saarwa	per
willem kusik	per
j. krooni	per
magdalena redikson	per
wanna Perremees Andrei	PER
peter porowardja	per
maria willibald	per
juhhan reispas	per
anna lomp	per
pretik kassa	per
peter lust	per
karl wirmann	per
jaan joonas	per
ado kandelin	per
metsawaht Jaak Peterson	PER
tawet songro	per
andres ambus	per
hans masso	per
otto markitant	per
jaan saar	per
jakob suu	per
prido kerner	per
jaan kamp	per
pert tewwen	per
kangro	per
august schulpach	per
jõggew	per
hans klaas	per
jaan kalla	per
hinrek kotsar,	per
alexander paukam	per
barend peters	per
kiskar	misc
hindrik hindriksohn	per
nekrutid	per
kristoph langerpaur	per
jürri ado poea neidre	per
keneral-kubberner	per
mai hindrek nelkberg	per
kondrati petuhow	per
mart epmann	per
sepp jüri purlaskile	per
stepan fedorow	per
mees Jaan Tartu	PER
märt tõns	per
juhhan jallak	per
mari kusma	per
karreda moisa	loc
jakkob wänd,	per
ado puma	per
liisu uidaküla	per
juhan hausper	per
karli masson	per
otto krais	per
j. kehrberg	per
ello blauet	per
laas armus	per
thomas matson	per
liisu luige	per
hans hanson	per
kaarel rosenstrauch	per
peter janit	per
juhann eichler	per
jaan andresse poeg kuusik	per
jaan matsman	per
jakopi mihkel	per
jaan keir	per
lisso kirspsoon	per
jakob woit	per
oldroth	per
jürrij rehhesaar	per
jaan klaosson	per
hans rönkwist	per
sahhar palkowile	per
jürri bewer	per
johannes jürgenson	per
jaan motisse	per
johan matson	per
hindrik rämmal	per
jaan peetso	per
p. von maijdell	per
maddis pukki	per
metsa wörster Runge	PER
mart uurits	per
c. baron pilar	per
johann waaksar	per
juhan harmans	per
jürri nõlik	per
peeter hirmo	per
hans juhkam	per
anu millermann	per
juhan tannebaum	per
hell waaksar	per
madis kõster	per
j.kersa	per
janus rekande	per
sepa	loc
jagu jürri	per
peter paap	per
jürri niemeister	per
juhan laar	per
jaan mägi	per
jaan munski	per
ann lulender	per
hendrik hendriku poja mossa	per
kärner Mihkel Oebius	PER
j. willemson	per
leno otter	per
kustas müürmann	per
ann lilleput	per
andrus tamm	per
josep rosenberg	per
andres päärand	per
jaan tomarson	per
peter kure	per
jürri jahn	per
peter kammil	per
jacob freijmann	per
jakob pahk	per
tõnu leengup	per
metsawallitseja gross	per
karl kontz	per
jüri sisask	per
priidu pöllu	per
wedot ignatiew	per
jüri puddel	per
orbo hain	per
jürri briks.	per
madis willak	per
jürri pallasi	per
jürri wannatoa	per
jürri wiht	per
kusma ossipow sawostkinal	per
jürri peert	per
adu weidemann	per
johann lind	per
jaan saawa	per
leena sepp	per
fadei skorohodow	per
jürri kogi	per
hans tolm	per
jüri friedrichson	per
kordi	per
jaan kukke	per
ado mihkli p. saart	per
karel wentsel	per
hans ränk	per
jaan ruutmanni	per
hinrek noggur	per
wanna wallawannem Maddis Saa	PER
jaan peep	per
joosep muda	per
juhan soans.	per
karl sangi	per
küme	misc
andrese mihkel	per
jüri raba	per
andrez pichlak	per
mihkel eres	per
makar traschirow	per
jaan looga	per
sutti tõnno	per
peter ustaw	per
petersohn	per
funke	per
jaak tõnise p. mikkow	per
luka wassiljew	per
tina rewel	per
juhannes liiw	per
peter pant	per
mari kips	per
jagu annile	per
johan kusnez	per
mart müür	per
jaan kiskman,	per
aadu sebgbusch	per
hans päärdo	per
hindrik bekman	per
jakob pähk	per
kuddina	loc
feliks klaa	per
galagmow	misc
alexander remmelmann	per
karel tosso	per
jakow poltowi	per
andres sälik jaani poeg	per
mai kiho	per
josep kissar	per
johan willak	per
jaan lokko	per
jakobi poeg	per
maddis pukk	per
kustas ninepu	per
mihkel pärn	per
raisnikko	loc
johann krusert	per
kusta lentsius	per
kristow kübbar	per
abram semenow	per
josep sikkut	per
mart werrawas	per
hindrek jüri p. erin	per
jürri pukk	per
ado soplepmann	per
andres hallik	per
jüri kärsna	per
märt jutus	per
hee rosenthal	per
p. tarrask	per
hindrek weerloe	per
josep nõmm	per
leno holm	per
jaan poismann	per
jaan mihkle poeg uuberg	per
hans lassel	per
gustaw ehmann	per
feodor baturin	per
elisaweta joanni naen nõmm	per
tõnu jüri poeg kanter	per
jaan tönts	per
johanes kask andrese p	per
josep rosenthal mihkli poeg	per
kirbo maddisse	per
lutz jurrij	per
jaan ilbak	per
johan kersnason	per
tomas sammelson	per
miina oper	per
j. krusert	per
liisu einman	per
mihkel roik	per
michel madisoni	per
wassili nurk	per
jan martov kredeman	per
jakob zirk	per
joh. kohl	per
tawet kuu	per
wilhelm müller	per
maidle ado	per
liis roosa	per
tiina jaan	per
krööt lengi	per
karel sallu	per
jürri mero	per
baron von fersen	per
samuel otsing	per
ado sillart	per
mihkel krootmann	per
sikkaselja kustas	per
thomas tamm	per
peeter lodesoon	per
jaan kulp	per
lätte johanil	per
johan tootsik	per
tõnnu lautt	per
hans wallaskalla	per
juhan ehrlich	per
kustaw teemuse	per
jaan leichter	per
mihkel roos	per
johann kiek	per
mari ustem	per
triin lindau	per
leena tõõtsow	per
kegu juhani	per
jaan kass	per
henn kase	per
michel reimets	per
aleksander juhansohn	per
mart sepp	per
eduard teimann	per
jüri kiik hindriko poeg	per
peter lobona	per
ado mölderson	per
adu isup	per
wannat Koggukonna ammetimehhe	PER
jaan warrik	per
komka	per
paul becker	per
liso maandimees	per
akob Tuhha	PER
rentprauwa	per
kusta kesselmann	per
maddis reimann	per
mart tomps	per
johan padar	per
marri ragel	per
jakaob kripson	per
henn tötsow	per
daniel raudask	per
karl mülleri	per
kusta kieso	per
jaan peelmann	per
von Rehbinder	PER
hans põldmäe	per
hindr. thomson	per
gustav reinhold	per
j. freiberg	per
mihkel kiik jaani poeg	per
marri ibis	per
hans prits	per
jakob oraw	per
jaan juhani p. rebane	per
andrus sooperg	per
karel trinberg	per
liso ambos	per
ann laus	per
kaskirivohu	misc
jürri püll	per
truta püss	per
kikka	loc
maaksim	per
jürri ustaw	per
kusta lisping	per
markus halliku	per
kustaw terras	per
jaan armann	per
mihkel hoia	per
juhan rootslane	per
an partei	per
aadu toots	per
anno tebbe	per
hindrik peterson	per
hindrik pung	per
piipo kusto epp	per
jürri jallak	per
karel lea	per
simon janz	per
mihkel ostrast	per
jüri walkenklaus	per
joosep tenno	per
jüri tomik jaani poeg	per
matso otto	per
lutfi mora	per
ado jaanson	per
johan laari	per
mari karist	per
jaak	per
lias allik	per
silde	per
jacob lindemann	per
jürri kaal	per
jakow nikiferowi	per
margus koort	per
karl marguse	per
adu palm	per
tomas waht josepi poeg	per
juhhan messi	per
hans kuulman	per
kuresaare	loc
ado puw	per
karel pikerpähr	per
ewdokia	per
iwan kirst	per
juhan roos	per
mihkel kusma	per
henrik reino p. palts	per
hans simm	per
joosep haili	per
maddis waino	per
leena molok	per
jaan lebereht	per
jan albert	per
jaan rullinkoff	per
otto berg	per
kondrati iwanow	per
m. bendt	per
jürri rosenberg	per
karel reinumäe	per
johan kaan	per
maddisee miihel	per
johannes wäljas	per
jaan küütsmann	per
jakob pabor	per
peter mällo	per
pallam koggokona	per
tohma mihkel	per
mihkel kabbi	per
johani jürri	PER
liiso oja	per
karl mehho	per
a. rose	per
jaak mooses	per
niggolas luisk	per
mari peeti tütar asaw	per
johan lyra	per
johann kosso	per
hans soans	per
hendrik peetri poeg kilk	per
johan töötsow	per
j thalfeld	per
won ramm	per
karel ehrenbus	per
rudolf sultz	per
witrik rätsep	per
hans saks	per
tönno redli	per
märt waltmann	per
ellu liiwak	per
wasili timofejew kiselow	per
michel sulp	per
andres liis	per
madli klaudius	per
mihkel kaasik jaani poeg	per
jaak wakrööm	per
hindrek sults	per
jaan einsel	per
jaan wõssman	per
jaanus luts	per
kadri pärn	per
kustas kobbelmek	per
mihkel pallu	per
kristjan pedmanson	per
jaak karrison	per
karl pähn	per
tönnis roots	per
jaan preis	per
siim roasto	per
peter wisse	per
mardi jürnale	per
ann bootsman	per
karl ernits	per
kustas allikso	per
adam löiw	per
jakob nagel	per
leno kobla	per
hans post	per
tõnnis kappel	per
iwan kusnezow	per
müülntaehli herra	per
mihkel kook	per
aleksander jgnatjew	per
tönno tigi	per
mai waks	per
jaan karjus	per
gehim	per
peter orraw	per
potti josep	per
hans kelping	per
johann presser	per
jakob tanner	per
peeter tõõtsow	per
p.krieg	per
joosep matson	per
c.raikas	per
jefim koslow	per
hans jürgen	per
krõõt kressa	per
käsper lepwikman	per
nigulas bollmann,mihkel erick	per
peet moks	per
johan mollok	per
jüri luige	per
k	MISC
ann jürgenson	per
sõrra	per
jakob goldberg	per
liis jakobson	per
andres jürisson	per
josep kurg	per
priidu onno	per
mihkel wiinberg	per
peeter tootsi	per
sellisare jaak	per
juhhan oja	per
peeter pabo	per
jakob tensik	per
mina mick	per
jüri jüri poeg päärson	per
simmo ruuk	per
sohvi kost	per
ann jacobson	per
jahn sirack	per
jürri klaos	per
jakob troosteini	per
joosep mälton	per
johann märdi poeg otto	per
tõnis mikson	per
andres reismann	per
hans hansu poeg natus	per
an kraht	per
karl	per
peter naggel	per
miina kurrik	per
priidu meiuse	per
mihkel mikelsaar	per
jaan pertma	per
jürri sild	per
dmitri kitowi	per
a neisar	per
kustaw roos	per
wallitsus	PER
kusta raudsepp	per
marri worm	per
mart lepp jüri poeg	per
joosep	per
josep kupri	per
juhhan pihlak	per
jaan hollo	per
johann kask	per
jvan selge	per
johan zeikar	per
juhan sep	per
juhhan ilbes	per
jüri ummus	per
nikkuste maits meiust	per
jaan nõmme	per
karl kallo	per
annus tuisk	per
johann pang	per
magnus lustberg	per
mart sibbul	per
jaan kalt	per
kottlieb hansing	per
jaan otan	per
hendrek pumbo	per
keisri härra	per
amo Hindt	PER
maunus kask	per
ado mölder	per
eichelmann	per
jaan hansu poeg krusert	per
mart mand	per
karl leplandi	per
willem römus	per
jüri paats	per
wasili aleksejew kroch	per
jüri wällo	per
ewa willemsohn	per
ann jantson	per
peeter nuut	per
rein mäll	per
jacop kontsile	per
jaak jõggewa	per
otto sallo:	per
konon maksimow	per
dudrowsky	per
otto neufeld	per
karel alla	per
jürri walkenklaus jürri silwester jürri usler.	per
malija janova tseigerj	per
kusta lenziuse	per
otto tiirik	per
karel laurison jaani p	per
jahn aun	per
jootma-räsna	loc
laas witamees	per
tõnis thomas alström	per
jakob teemus	per
andrus suurwärraw	per
a. dudorowsky	per
mari preitohw	per
hendrik seiler	per
lars wallin	per
jaan josingile	per
johan kastahn	per
mart freiberg	per
jüürri pärnn	per
tõnis hanso poeg jürgens	per
rusenthal	per
peeter malm	per
dawit raud	per
kustaw arbushow	per
aadu onu	per
madis tingas	per
jacob jürgense	per
hans pirke	per
krõõt luik	per
marija rõischowa	per
jaan tani	per
jaan reinsohn	per
katto anderson	per
karel dicke,anders benholm	per
tönno geldberg	per
kusta tikk	per
tomas tonsson	per
jakob oinus	per
märt häelm	per
põrsa johhan	per
joh. freibachi	per
ans perre	per
karel pomm	per
kristjan pajo	per
marri wössmann	per
jacop laurson	per
jurri rawon	per
robert hirsch	per
tomas ries	per
jaan sokk	per
mina lambot	per
wassili botscherow	per
hans toom	per
johan lükk	per
hrestin antonowna tõikwinkina	per
tulno mango	per
juhan zeigar	per
johan kaarli poeg laan	per
marri uuk	per
29. Rebase Andres	PER
pridik kändler	per
johan pedoson	per
august anderson	per
peeter wirks	per
peter sogelew	per
jaagup ballo	per
jaan baumanni	per
hans weismann	misc
trofim koslow	per
kristjan sepp	per
jakkop waddi	per
hendrek ottmann	per
juula oinberg	per
märt jersolawil	per
jaan kalda	per
kusta kihv	per
remmelman	per
jaak kenner	per
rautseppa ans	per
jaan rand	per
aleksei dolgaschow	per
jakob terreping	per
rein priidemann	per
johan õigus	per
jaak mant	per
kustas indus	per
josep habakuk	per
hindrik lang	per
mihkel tamm andrese poeg	per
norrmann	per
kai kornet	per
josep.	per
jaan koddasma	per
anton king	per
jaak ritson	per
jüri puk	per
kusta sarwa	per
mihkel kasik	per
jaan welt	per
janus werbo	per
liso silm	per
albri	per
tõnno roots	per
lenu talnow	per
indrik hansi	per
jakop hindriksonil	per
peter arrokäe	per
madis summataweti,hans tingas	per
juhan kolsaar	per
tomas raud	per
josep errabard	per
udde hanso jaan	per
hindrik toding	per
karel kiik	per
gawrilla nemez	per
lutjan petrow	per
jaan kristowingk	per
matz kink	per
mällo karl	per
jüri olew	per
jaak tam	per
jaan tenter	per
pawle	loc
abram molustowski	per
kusta sikut	per
ado karpsoni	per
wallawanema	per
kurre jakobi	per
ilja leontjew schirokowi	per
p v maijdell	per
jaan poi	per
tõnnu räggastik	per
hindrek tohwer	per
anders förberg	per
endrik kotkas	per
jaan jaani poeg aniwald	per
juhan lind	per
kirill kask	per
sureperre mihkli tõnnis	per
jüri noor	per
jaan sibbul	per
jurri karro	per
paul peterson	per
jaan mantpuu	per
lars gaddmann	per
marri krup	per
mihkel wakröm	per
jaan wahartal	per
gans janov krauvaldt	per
mari mägi	per
ellikese juhan talpak	per
mart oja	per
kotli naine	per
hans jallakas	per
anders benholm	per
siim kokka	per
jagup taltin	per
lisa tint	per
saamo padar	per
jaan laason	per
ans lassel	per
karli mard	PER
an iwani	per
liimuska jaan einamnn	per
maddis erm	per
juhan wiskar	per
an sein	per
tannil pihho	per
m. silmann	per
tõno tiits	per
maddis laatz	per
polli jaak	per
hendrik jörgewitz	per
konon mascharow	per
hendrik kooskor	per
jaan taal	per
totz braks	per
juhan tori	per
akob Wänd ja Jaan	PER
lars renber	per
jakob p	per
kustas ado p. tarius	per
juhan saarman	per
agrafena borisowna borodkina	per
kai laurisson	per
tomas refeld	per
liso rütmanni	per
peeter mihkli poeg ligge	per
jakob rätsep	per
hans teerik	per
tio rais	per
peter mäe	per
abram holter	per
peter põld	per
madli kert	per
strauss	per
karel paas	per
mihkel koosapoeg	per
wiido kübar	per
karl hendrikson	per
mart krais	per
jaak utter	per
karel kärner	per
juhhan nurk	per
ado hermelin	per
jakob erik	per
jaan rosenberg	per
madli leinkow	per
lisa hinn	per
jaan pohlakas	per
nessi andresse	per
jaak auumees	per
ann kolk	per
jüri kok	per
ann roose	per
jaan pikkalik	per
jaan juhani poeg umberg	per
jaan iwanthal	per
härma juhan lahheberg	per
johan jürs	per
jaan uus	per
markus rupsi	per
kotta wossmann	per
juhann melles	per
jaan kiwwi	per
mihkel rällo	per
tomas krimm	per
peeter laar	per
jakub kukruse	per
willemi tõnu snell	per
adu luig	per
mina räisa	per
katarina lindros	per
hindrik saster	per
v. Seidlitzi	PER
hans kors	per
jaan waarale	per
kadri tamm	per
hans mäll	per
tõnso mihkel	per
daniel lepland	per
mõisaval	per
apram willipow	per
jaan naaris	per
mart pärdig	per
willem wensel	per
kristjan otter	per
wiksi maddis	per
petr janov tseiger	per
rein oeweraus	per
kurrikoff	per
johan kalal	per
tõnis mank	per
kai leppa	per
peter pilt	per
kristjan kerow	per
sammeli hanso	per
mart liiwale	per
tõnnis mesack	per
jaan addulas	per
jaan pant	per
hans jaani poeg tarius	per
frits	per
dawid madison	per
adam mustson	per
leena mollok	per
juhan kiusbergi	per
miili george	per
jaan laurisson	per
michel matson	per
andres laur	per
reet vaht	per
josep mollok	per
marie parnapuu	per
jakub peetso	per
josepb	per
jürri truusa	per
peter jakobson	per
jaan libleka	per
agneta gerenström	per
jegor bubnow	per
mats pois	per
josep sildnik	per
ilja wasili p. potahof	per
kusta matsoon	per
kusiko sauna pären	per
mihkel usima	per
johann karjus	per
adam walbet	per
jürri kass	per
jagup leisberg	per
andres masso	per
jaan imma	per
mari michelson	per
hans koppelmann	per
jüri preema	per
kristian kübar	per
hans reinberg	per
jacob mustmannile	per
eek	per
jaak rimak	per
andres anni	per
iwani kusta	per
liis rämmal	per
josep krup toma poeg	per
johan soans	per
mart pewer	per
jaan kask	per
jaan möldre	per
reino jaani mats	per
jürri perna	per
jaakub normann	per
willem elmi	per
j thalfeldt	per
mihkel jaakson	per
priidik wiilikas	per
juhan tönus	per
jakob klaos	per
mai ross	per
mats roomann	per
jaan naano	per
taube	per
jaan nerot	per
karel puddiwer	per
mihkel tonnberg	per
ado hirtentreu	per
karl laal	per
märt weisson	per
hans moisniku	per
spiel	per
willem	per
pawel hogand	per
marie pank	per
jaan roosson	per
terentij kusmin	per
mai ellermann	per
mihkel pomm	per
juhhan nõm	per
johan johani p. weske	per
jaan kuusk	per
peep jürjensoni	per
tomas juur	per
hindrik kiudorw	per
josep kesk	per
jakob perramets	per
rosenthali	per
jüri lindak	per
mihkel jürri poeg estenthal	per
karel kusik	per
intrik olla	per
liso raud	per
josep jäger	per
jaen kask	per
hans kalju	per
peter kiil	per
marina iwanowna kuznetsowa	per
johan wiro	per
ewa madise tütar teimann	per
mihkel jukk	per
aleksei stepanow reischow	per
iwan jakowlew	per
iwan mattin	per
marguse jani	per
tiideberg	per
adu walkenklau	per
peter padar	per
jakob lawägin	per
jaak tõnise p. mikkow (mikk ehk mikko)	per
mihkel ninepu	per
ewa pajo	per
jaak pödderson	per
kristjan tapp	per
mart puna	per
mari waher	per
mart aaw	per
jefim schurawow	per
ado hallikas	per
anu toode	per
raudase jürri	per
wainu peet	per
joosep tambergi	per
peter anderson	per
peter wisk	per
adu wollmann	per
juhan lembra	per
peter saukand	per
timuski moska	per
otto won kotzebue	per
kato kiljak	per
awdotja kusowa	per
jaan wahhi	per
henriete pauliine kuulberg /sünd/ wilberg	per
jürri neider	per
jakob palm	per
jakob punson	per
mai peeki	per
hindrik matsor	per
dachsel	per
mikko peter	per
juhan lillenthal	per
peter karjama	per
an tomberg	per
jakob lunden	per
osip kudräschow	per
jaan prangel	per
hands siiwart	per
johann matsoni	per
mart amer	per
kristjan sarwik	per
andre prantz	per
anna jaani lesk pihlatamm,	per
kekischide	per
paap hindow	per
hans wideman	per
mina kükkit	per
muhel	misc
juhan sursu	per
jakob mildeberg	per
jaan kelgo	per
joosep säkna	per
jüri erin	per
juhan ermet	per
mihkel kooki	per
juhan andresson	per
johan uibopuu	per
urge jurri	per
lukjan vetrow	per
herra baron von tiesenhausen	per
jakob till	per
jaan lindrop	per
mari pasal	per
juhan teinmann	per
jaan brunnow	per
schwanek	per
peeter luts	per
woldemar tebbe	per
juhan torri	per
josep laurissonil	per
jaan befeldt	per
adam juhsar	per
iegor petrowi	per
rein mõtlik kustas pessa juhhan mürisep jaan ummelas	per
tõnno kika	per
lasi	per
jaan hoppelman	per
jaan kopli	per
endrik reissar	per
abram leol	per
jaan abramson	per
jüri wiesenberg,	per
hendrik kusma	per
jaga jaen jank	per
daniel jenas	per
luiga juhhan	per
christian kapp	per
tomas löhmus	per
jestifei ameljanow murafenow	per
alexei rõischow	per
jüri pent	per
mihkel sternfeld	per
wallawannem	PER
peter pedoson	per
jüri tõnison	per
liso kasemets	per
kaarl neikfeld	per
reiswoldi	loc
krõõt fluss	per
jaan tomell	per
adam urbanus	per
m. silmann	per
jürri piiri	per
ado jaago poeg tarius	per
an rantus	per
peeter peikell	per
ann ottender	per
madis winter	per
liiso krik	per
karoline kiisel	per
jüri juhani poeg karing	per
ado wolrad	per
jaan raamann	per
jaak raal	per
aidamees	PER
karl kimmi	per
andres willemes	per
ado pärner	per
peter jakobij	per
maddis pihlak	per
hans lenzius	per
anders notmann	per
jaan kleinschmidt	per
indrik kuld	per
karel wahhi	per
kustas mõistliku	per
mihkel achtmann	per
jaan oper	per
freidrich witkar	per
adam matt	per
hindrik prii	per
wio kanna	per
jaan pütsep	per
ann saar	per
jaan int	per
jürri rebbas	per
hans lookmann	per
peter grigorjew snetkow	per
pollij jurrij matz	per
mihkel soe	per
jaan kibbe	per
kristjaan saarwa	per
tanno hollo	per
johann rosenstrauch	per
w. günther	per
blumberg	per
kai usna	per
wassili iwanow	per
tõnno kabbel	per
ado tõnu p. türk	per
kristjan kriis	per
tõnnis eglon	per
tõnnis kerro	per
jakob luts	per
alexander waldmann	per
jants	per
joosep wossman	per
gorg zinkel	per
gustaw sammelselg	per
jääska wahti	per
karel kusiku	per
hinrik käes	per
johann juk	per
fedor saweljew magilew	per
jaan rullinkow	per
kusta matson	per
herra holsting	per
karel ernits	per
karel küttmanni	per
jüri tomso	per
tomas polma	per
hans pachmann	per
a. von braschi	per
willem pekku	per
ado wenzli	per
a. kandelin	per
eduard grosh	per
nicolai obram	per
miina lepp	per
liis lenzius	per
jaan tamann	per
madli karru	per
johan grönman	per
keart klesmann	per
hans smitt	per
gawril antonow	per
jaan narrosk	per
adam traugott	per
peter sarnit	per
johann lange	per
karro peddo	per
andres kiik	per
jüri walk	per
mats leinberg	per
jürri oilm	per
peet koit	per
lena wärawataka	per
oskar	per
jürri lints	per
waht Karel Waht	PER
juhan riimann	per
wilpo	loc
krõõt leinberg	per
hinrek lane	per
estifei alexejew	per
jürri tuhha	per
juhan tammeli	per
p von maidel	per
jaan nöurus	per
jaan joonas	per
wassil semenow	per
siim kebbuse	per
kusta torg	per
jürri panner	per
jaan sepmann	per
samo tick	per
ewa teetlohw	per
els kase	per
hans adoh	per
lestwerki	per
maddis ormas	per
mard landberg	per
mikko	per
jürri pebärgk	per
tarto	loc
tönnis truwert	per
k. lensamnn	per
puiga	loc
jaan pessor	per
lamba	loc
laur	per
johann treial	per
jakob pärn	per
jacob terna	per
joosep rommanniga	per
mehkel tönnes	per
peeter mökku	per
maddis lambasar	per
thomas leppermann	per
terrepi kaarel	per
jüri hindreku p. kukkeus	per
tõnnu wahtrik	per
mart herja	per
pawel tuist	per
jurrij tächt	per
ado sobbul	per
õppetaja	PER
andres ehrlich	per
juhhan luup	per
enn leos	per
hans kiis	per
an pros	per
an kansi	per
alexei abramow kroch	per
mert sups	per
hans krais	per
kulbisaare ado pois hans	per
jüri mäe	per
jürri sillart	per
mart mardi poeg heinbaum	per
marri kerner	per
jaan armipaik	per
pawel ertens paawli poeg	per
pokrofii iwanow skorodumow	per
tio karelsohn	per
jakow estorn	per
lena prässer	per
mart pärnn	per
lena raudsep	per
kustaw wälja,willem leiwath	per
johan palz	per
liso pärnn	per
peter killak	per
peerna hendrek	per
peter aigro widriko poeg	per
gusta kusik	per
miina karjus	per
milii gans	per
kustav kroosberg	per
peeter poes	per
jaagub lunden	per
madam pikkenberg	per
jürri habakuk	per
jaan ainson	per
juhan kerem	per
saueaugo tawet	per
pütseppa	loc
mart pappiarro	per
hindrik pals	per
liisu utwald	per
gusta kuk	per
mihkel loko	per
peter willokow	per
peep töns	per
michel kardsep	per
fritz runhanson	per
jüri põldmäe	per
mikolai semenow sorgusow	per
jürri ilwes	per
jaan siht	per
iwan wasiljew petchonkina	per
karel ehrenbusch	per
hindrik tikk	per
peter kaeras	per
hindrik tiik j	per
jaan birkenbus	per
juhan seppa	per
hans wundre	per
johan labi	per
kangro mihkel	per
peter paidra	per
tiidu peeter luts	per
hans poltimäe	per
a.blumbergi	per
juhan mitt	per
rätsepp juhan kägu	per
johan wall	per
peter sild	per
mihkel lippu	per
josep luks	per
hans lil	per
reihold stamm	per
abram kiwwi	per
jaan tumeltau	per
mart jonas	per
jurri kausti	per
juhan armans	per
rein pernigel	per
juhan schüts	per
leno paulman	per
peeter loor	per
jürri kaasik	per
otto ambos	per
mihkel peetri p. kelder	per
peter lepsoni	per
jakop neimanni	per
hindrik karheiding	per
johan lillenthal	per
lena soba	per
leena aarik	per
mihkel sari	per
josep jonassing,	per
lena mäggi kaarli tüttar	per
hans reinkort	per
mart thamm	per
jakub adamson	per
marri leimann	per
jakob andresen	per
seakarjus indrik lail	per
karel peetso	per
mart lindebaumil	per
ann melk	per
jaan lillo	per
hans martiinof	per
eieferre möisa härra	per
paulsoni	per
tõela hans	per
jaak menning	per
ants pechk	per
karel reinumägi	per
gottlieb heidow	per
jürritõnno jaan	per
peter torg	per
hinrek ermos	per
ado seil	per
juhan koukila	per
tio kloren	per
andres saks	per
hans siiwermann	per
johan tamm	per
jürri kruseli	per
hans neerot	per
mihkel liiwak	per
mulgi ado	per
karel traugot	per
mihkelja muruk	per
witrik kütt	per
johan	per
mart sildnik	per
mert paio	per
katri põld	per
jaan parman	per
josep lodja	per
ernst kruuse	per
rits johani poeg ritson	per
juhhan kästik	per
peter wilk	per
mari jugowa	per
jaan miku	per
iisak tell	per
tõnno põdder	per
teo tobias	per
j. kuk	per
martin wilberg	per
josep murd	per
juhhan tõns	per
aleksei jõeär	per
hans klap	per
jüri martinson	per
niclasen	per
karl reimann	per
kaupmees m. anikow	per
tõnis ader	per
kustaw oleskilt	per
hans reinu p. mikpau	per
alekssander netse	per
melania tuus sünd. room	per
hendrik mägi	per
jaan kiisel	per
jüri steppi	per
johan padari	per
kaarel lõbu	per
prits grant	per
saweli trubkin	per
hans nerot	per
jaan laderman	per
ann kask	per
kiidjärwe	per
allasi redike tüddar marre	per
hans parun	per
mart wiesengrün	per
lawrenti rõbakow	per
mart smittel	per
maddis sarwik	per
hindrek tohher	per
hans einson	per
liso kalew	per
peter heideson	per
hindrik kuk	per
jaan plaksa	per
karl silm	per
jaan wisseri	per
jula jonas	per
josep lükk	per
jaan käsber	per
juhhan leetberg	per
wijo pai	per
anna schulbach augusti lesk	per
peeter mikson	per
mihkel palk	per
dawit margi	per
adu õunwärt	per
päerna	per
hans teppan,	per
tõnis bauer	per
an willart	per
jaago	loc
riinu masso	per
juula rass	per
thomas	per
karel lillo	per
jaan jürgenson	per
mari martenson	per
prits tori	per
mihkel epler	per
leena kaskman	per
mart smittal	per
maddis koppel	per
ans toober	per
madli orjas	per
mart jürjendahl	per
karl tälli	per
peter sawason	per
josep koppel	per
tohwri	per
elias kubja	per
jakob tanbaumi	per
johan snell	per
lena lillo	per
liso peet	per
andres pihlak mihkli poeg	per
hendrik kõrw	per
mai mikelsar	per
jakob klebanid josepi poeg	per
ludwig schulbach	per
marri otza	per
jaan wombi	per
karl joseph	per
jaan weltmann ado poeg	per
hans rondikul	per
märt ilbaku	per
andso andresel	per
leo	loc
liso kiwer	per
hans einbaum	per
jaan jäsmak	per
karel seppa	per
mihkel lewertand	per
jüri tepp	per
hans odrath	per
pilli karl	per
aleksander niggo	per
tonnis nurg	per
siska	per
konstantin	per
juhhan luhha	per
erikese	loc
möldri sulane Karel Neider	PER
iwan jakimi	per
ann lõkk	per
peter keir	per
willem uussild	per
jaan kulles	per
karel mauer	per
juula tilba	per
mihkel peikel	per
märt jeger	per
j laane	per
hans limberg	per
joseph möller	per
peter saar	per
an trösi	per
mihkel tonnbergi	per
willem willemsohn	per
jaan russ	per
kai komnik	per
johan wältwebel	per
hans niesman	per
hans reinu p. wiilup	per
andrus specht	per
josep krup	per
jaan lohhoarro	per
kalf	per
jaan loddu	per
mihkel ungersson	per
johann räbbin	per
josep abakuk	per
johan oiguse	per
birk	per
punnapae jaani	per
jürri tupai	per
peeter jaamul	per
mart krek	per
margki	misc
juhhan tönnus	per
jakob wahheri	per
jürri tönnishoff	per
katri weleks	per
tõnno ensler	per
sootla tannil	per
lanno mihkel	per
daniel lätti	per
jefim fruktow	per
maria hendrikow	per
jürri pletter	per
daniel kook	per
hans smit	per
jakob hindriksoon	per
jakob janson	per
aadam pääsuke	per
jaan soodam	per
krause	per
siim kõmmus	per
ann jüri tütar annberg	per
hans worimees	per
laari petrele	per
jaan loduk	per
ann kangru	per
kustas mursak	per
johann kristjan	per
tönnis hogand	per
gustaw weber	per
jacobi patto	per
ed ramm	per
wiido ritsingi	per
leena korjus	per
johann kuckk	per
hindrik leppermann	per
wassili gamsina	per
jaan willewelt	per
hans kerb	per
anders liljeros	per
peter kikkas	per
andres kürenberg	per
mihkel reihart	per
mihkel treialt	per
kustaw  reinmannile	per
widrik jõks	per
hans konts	per
engel adamson	per
adam suurmann	per
feodor iwanow kasikow	per
johan mardi	per
johan trümmer	per
jacop konts	per
marry käriks	per
jakop troon	per
leena nõmm	per
karl antow	per
kuppo	loc
aadu söel	per
jaan rentnik	per
jaan wenno	per
jaan wabbadik	per
jaan puksand	per
kurisu	loc
tislari	loc
pibo jaak	per
j. kopti	per
mari ossip	per
maddis mäe	per
ludwik gustawi pg klinge	per
josep hawakiww	per
triinu awik	per
mart ahndo	per
jaan rabas	per
lobba karel	per
ritz lett	per
jakob wapp	per
priidik jõgibert	per
andres kallaus	per
liso omelka	per
juhhan tieberk	per
mari jurgens	per
mihkel jaana	per
busch	per
mai tedder	per
iwan georgi poeg wõrk	per
wossman	per
peter tieberk	per
aleksander eisenschmidti	per
jaan tinabergi	per
karel laurison	per
alexander freywald	per
i Nekrut Karel Abroi	PER
johan pikk	per
jaen arend	per
johan tennossar	per
juhhan otsman	per
karl tamm jakobi p	per
peter tarasjew zwetkof	per
juhhan ibis	per
josep paukam	per
marri midri	per
anna daniilova simenson	per
jaan usai	per
hans urritam	per
günther	per
jaan erg	per
karli tomson	per
rein löwe	per
mart treiberk	per
marja jakowlewna	per
jakob tolmatz	per
tiets allikow	per
jürri treier	per
jüri kadakas	per
jürrij lorius	per
johan pielbergi	per
nestor siderowi	per
samuel	per
adam puck	per
mihkel piip	per
andres nuut	per
peter sutt	per
mihkel külli	per
juhhan rütel	per
jaan remmal	per
peeter pastak	per
peeter sarw	per
juhhan orras	per
johan grönmann	per
jaan wiekberg	per
juhan pödra	per
hans hansu p. kredeman	per
willemi	per
jahni johan	PER
redik puk	per
jaak trikson	per
jaan ambos	per
jürri kalus	per
jaan kowal	per
mart ritsu poeg hindrikson	per
jakob tislar	per
hindrek pardei	per
kaarl kasse	per
johan unt maddise poeg	per
mari klemmer	per
an kassesabba	per
peeter reiman	per
maddis andersoni	per
peter jõks	per
jaan tobber	per
fedot kroch	per
marri lips	per
laes pehgme	per
maddis arik	per
hindrik piirsoon	per
andres lappert	per
jürri keppi	per
joosep klaossel	per
ernst kiel	per
aadam kaan	per
tawet porsch	per
karel leplandi	per
kustas jaagu p. linnabet	per
jaan soop	per
peter turba	per
andres mäggi	per
paul parbits	per
richter	per
maria jõeär	per
wido lindow	per
tomas käär	per
märt sinkal	per
wasili ivanow goruschkin	per
hans allawina	per
kusto wanda	per
jürri einthal	per
peter jaanson	per
mari watzmann	per
mart tassa	per
jaan treiholdt	per
andres errabard	per
jaan lads	per
intrek pung	per
jakob kook	per
h. baehr	per
jaan indt	per
mina heizman	per
josep zakkarjas	per
hindrik pomm	per
karel adamson	per
mart kerdi	per
widu koddawand	per
jaan leep	per
jaan jäggoma	per
madis wase	per
jurrij walt	per
niitka	loc
mart kaew	per
agneta gerenströmi	per
a pechmann	per
jaan tee	per
iwan leontjew gretsenin	per
otto steffen	per
johann takking	per
juhhan pepernik	per
c. v.seitlitz	per
jürri jerw	per
otto messila	per
jaan jõk	per
tiio bachfeldt	per
jakob palsing	per
pollij jaak	per
johan tikk	per
johann põld	per
jaan tamm	per
peeter kool	per
abram pihlak	per
matz kibbe	per
tanni koppel	per
karli hublik	per
winteri	per
johann krusert	per
märt jallakas	per
lombi adu pois hans	per
andres andersohn	per
endrik linnask	per
peter kalmann	per
jaan wingelmanni	per
johan tina	per
jaan maddisohn	per
karel dicke	per
jaan wellein	per
karel neinberg	per
sindi mõisa	per
johann rolland	per
hendrek erm	per
wasilista wasiljewna poläkowa	per
ann rodima	per
redik arents	per
ilja andrejw koschenow	per
mats jerw	per
andrese mihkle	per
laos	per
liis kollom	per
hans nurk	per
jakob hindriksoni	per
jakop adamsonil	per
j. jürgenson	per
jaak reinert	per
johan annap	per
jürri lukked	per
dawid pabo	per
mari kustawi t. palmberg, sünd. karoll	per
hans marjapuu	per
welijo palkow	per
jaan annel	per
peter kaddak	per
peeter saag	per
kristjan saarwale	per
jaan mihkli poeg kusma	per
peter oppar	per
peeter zirk	per
jaak rekkand	per
liisu pikjaan	per
aleksander jakobson	per
mai tikk	per
gustav kokka	per
jakut lahd	per
pedo zernask	per
an loosmann	per
j. a. richteri	per
jaan martenson	per
gustaw murd	per
jüri ja juhan mardi p. epmanid	per
johann lang	per
peet weewo	per
gusta rentel	per
jakow nikiferow	per
jaan hagel	per
kaddri podder	per
mihkel kaet	per
jakob raudpu	per
abram pärn	per
jaan ripsa	per
mik elts	per
ewa aunapu	per
mart ando	per
hindrik tilp	per
mihkli lalli	per
mihkel jaani p. süslich	per
ann kuusk	per
kustaw rämmann	per
baron von tiesenhausen	per
peter watzar	per
mihkel tooma p. paberits	per
hans kika	per
juhhan õunn	per
märti	per
peeter tsäro	per
kuppu	loc
grause	per
johan lindros	per
jüri friedrihson	per
t. didebarg	per
johan schumanil	per
kusta semmel	per
jaan männick	per
johan õiguse	per
juula jaani tütar karpender	per
awdei antimow	per
kusta klaos	per
nuudi jaak mütt	per
krisa marri	per
mihkel paljak	per
c. v. seidlitz	per
kristjan soosepp	per
kusta	per
k	misc
andres ekbaum	per
jurri abrami caddri	per
jacob reimann	per
kusta rämmän	per
joosep sõukand	per
karel gustawson	per
fridrich tarask	per
jakob mustmann	per
karl sirk	per
hindrek lane	per
anders glad´il	per
jakob tõnison	per
kusta kopli	per
sarwa	loc
daniel leplandi	per
jacob jürgens	per
johan piir	per
leena kanarik	per
wassili galafejew ulanow	per
ennoloigo	loc
jaakob iis	per
juhan tenno	per
rein päärson	per
juhan orlow	per
trino remmel	per
sergei tjulikow	per
tõnu mihkle p. sarapikk	per
f. dideberg	per
hans libber	per
ann silmus	per
siim wanaselja	per
kaarel willant	per
jüri wiismann	per
jaan pöltsmann	per
jaan sawasoon	per
anton awik	per
abram widrikson	per
markusel	per
truuta preimanni	per
karel linthal	per
jaan peetri p. prussak	per
josep hüšš	per
abram saul	per
peeter kutsar	per
jürri popus	per
kristian kondkar	per
priidik kändler	per
anna jaani	per
andrese jürrij aun	per
pfandbrief	per
andres jaani poeg pung	per
jürri ottsohn	per
hindrik piir	per
pulli mihkel	per
kustas loufner	per
jüri uussild	per
hans paerma	per
jüri uhwer	per
hindrik krips	per
mihkel kiik	per
kustas sippelken	per
andrus wiitra	per
vogdt	per
peep tilgant	per
peep	per
matto	loc
ilse jurgis	per
mihkel palu	per
karl viskus	per
fedor iwanow karelini	per
tõnnis soiewa tüdruk liso	per
hans rick	per
agneta halmann	per
hans kossmann	per
gustas normann	per
kohto peawannem	per
mart tederson	per
gotlieb hansing	per
jüri leisfort	per
eduard kühns	per
r. reins	per
trofim iwanow koslow	per
peet naber	per
adu tepmann	per
friedrich tarrask	per
k gutmann	per
jaan nagel	per
v. matilde saltza	per
hans klapp	per
johan kerner	per
jaan oluper	per
jakob pall andruse poeg	per
wastallo peter	per
jakob lepson	per
feodor koromonow	per
gawrilla kurnossow	per
karli küll	per
ann willard	per
madis kähi	per
alexander ambos	per
jaan pau	per
hans leis	per
jaan lipp	per
kõwwerikult	per
jaan pernstein	per
alexander bangowits	per
jürri jaak	per
juhan zirna	per
pulleritzo	loc
jaan kask juhani poeg	per
jaan klem	per
mihkel kollikiwwi	per
juhan lilleput	per
jaan purga	per
hindrik	per
redika	per
marri kaasik	per
jüri lenkmann	per
gusta piip	per
jakob rumask	per
juhan aintz	per
jakub kuusk	per
hans watsar	per
tõnnis grünwald	per
jüri pilt	per
an blauwet	per
jüri jööts	per
mutsu	per
karel ehrbach	per
liis wisser	per
andrei rosenberg	per
häide jaan	per
liisu perlestik	per
johann junn	per
hans enseltru	per
johan öman	per
juhhan wända poeg karel,	per
lotti wentsel	per
daniel tootsik	per
jakob rämman	per
pedu ritsing	per
johan pallo	per
gustav wikmanson	per
a.waldmann	per
johan pedaja	per
jürri wilmani	per
mai jakobi	per
kai ruitel	per
johann ismael	per
maets etro	per
august zastrow	per
jakub hantsmann	per
karl trautfeldt	per
jaani	per
abram nahkur	per
otto maddisdorf	per
johann pettai	per
mart lep	per
hans jostowi	per
jaan saag	per
kolberg	per
güntheri	per
jaan teder	per
anna gurke	per
mihkel kübbar	per
toomas margus	per
adam juhkam	per
gustaw uukiwi	per
hans karu	per
adam ritskman	per
jürri sarwik	per
ab	per
madli wihmann	per
johan tenosar	per
mihkel walt	per
märt suitz	per
dolff	misc
kreeda toom	per
leeno tisler	per
leenu antsu	per
lülle	loc
hendrik reitel	per
pridik tünst	per
abram ehrlich	per
j[ürri]. kopti	per
jaan undt	per
karel traggon	per
otto tedre	per
m.oja	per
juhan mihkli poeg tarius	per
mad	per
mari otsa	per
mihail madal	per
willem huulbergile	per
kusta täral	per
jaan pihner	per
jaan ruutman	per
leno ossep	per
jaan mootz	per
gustaw elbachk	per
jaak hansoni	per
wasili petrow kutkinale	per
hans kikkerpuu	per
anna jakowlewna	per
anton fedorow	per
danil rusand	per
karel pedura	per
juhanes uukareda	per
josep till, peede poeg	per
tomas pärn	per
marfa maksimowna sawostkina	per
jaan flink	per
peeter roll	per
andrus prass	per
josep waddi	per
loime	loc
ann tirgo	per
jürri kask	per
juhhan ringel	per
isak	per
jakup laht	per
räppinä kohto mehhe kirjuta juhhan	per
jaan lindos	per
jaan sidowasser	per
th.	per
jüri hansu poeg wiilup	per
johann kuk	per
peep kure	per
mihkel kertin	per
jakob waddi karli poija	per
juhan willak	per
jaan neufeldt	per
gustaw beafeldt	per
karel wisse	per
pobbol wenne otto	per
jaan hindreko	per
mihkel raudsep	per
peter sarri	per
juhan hamer	per
lewonti baranow	per
pridik kirpman	per
kustas jüri poeg mührmann	per
ann lätti	per
antun teppe	per
hinrek nael	per
ludwig mürs	per
pawel smirnow	per
mihkel woikow	per
peter siwting	per
didriki mardi poea jagu	per
gustaw saarpuu	per
tahma jossep	per
hans einsan	per
marri arik	per
kusta terral	per
juhan umberg	per
mats alam	per
p. langin	per
tawit walwas	per
kaarel kiilmann	per
j.toots	per
jaan jonas	per
hendrik sawa	per
josep awakiwwi	per
joosep otsmann	per
petr seil	per
johan kupri	per
juhhan bringfeld	per
jakob mihkelson	per
jaan ounapu	per
aakre mõisavalitsus	per
mihkel sarel	per
kusta kurg	per
rein mandel	per
jaan tamwiliuse	per
jaan kolo	per
peeter lüüde	per
mihkel adamsoon	per
iwan kurnossow	per
hans kirjas	per
gustaw tamm	per
paap pindek	per
jaan pranz	per
ludwig tuhha,	per
paap kiudowiga	per
tõnno piller	per
juhkama kaarle	per
jaan andrese p. orrin	per
josep lorentz	per
ado paets	per
jaan terral	per
hels	per
jaan wiksi	per
jürri klepanid	per
andres juntsohn	per
johann luhha	per
kristohw wiikmann	per
kõrtsimees josep nõmme	per
sachka jürrij	per
hans jaani poeg werber	per
hindrek palm	per
tõnnis lauli	per
jaan pentmann	per
mihkel halberg	per
jahn johannsohn	per
tõnnis luik	per
alesei georgi p. mänd	per
hans kutsari	per
adu willemi p. raudsepp	per
hinrik kotsar	per
jaan wäljaots	per
ewa berkmann	per
antip gutmanow	per
jürri trusa	per
adam rossenstrahw	per
kustas korpman	per
juhan tupai	per
priidk woltrad	per
ane iwan	per
jakob öchmuth	per
johan wastalo	per
josep ollus	per
michel waldtil	per
ann ritseson lukk	per
jüri pruul	per
mari terestal	per
raismikku janil	per
gusta warrusk	per
jakob stomm	per
priido remmel	per
ingel wälli	per
kustaw laubak	per
jaan listak	per
peep tens	per
jürri wahartal	per
kustas martov sakkeus	per
joosep pung	per
jaan noinberg	per
jakob pergelbau	per
jakob oimus	per
juhan tiiswelt	per
jaan kuldkepi	per
liis matson	per
johan köhn	per
maddis dingas	per
thomas kiilmann	per
jürri rääk	per
leno kaddak	per
kadri nolki	per
ano allmann	per
kusta tenno	per
aado sengbusch	per
karel mällson	per
jaan tiitus	per
jaan klamas	per
mai oeweraus	per
hans reinu poeg wiilup	per
jani luri	per
mart rand	per
hindrek pernkwist	per
jüri weetamm	per
toomas kaarli p wäert	per
toomas kiwinuk	per
johan nigols	per
jani	per
johan ritzo	per
juhan puck	per
parri jaan	per
johan laan	per
jaan sulp	per
jaan medemann	per
miina walk	per
michel samo	per
hans thomingas	per
wihula	loc
aleksander gustawi p. kusmanow	per
jaan mustkiwi	per
kristjan abroi	per
mart wälli	per
juhhan naptal	per
jakob kollo	per
joosep hansu p. baumwerk	per
friedo mark	per
nicolai karp	per
joep tõrruwerre peetri	per
wido prehing	per
g. sarw	per
mart pulbert	per
kaarli iis	per
aleksei kokk	per
leeno tänawots	per
an hollunder	per
semmen tihhonowile	per
jürri martmann	per
hindrik woital	per
august,karl	per
witrik willemsohn	per
liis lentsiuse	per
dmitri lodkin	per
ewa tunst	per
finagei brigoschew	per
kusiko	per
mart steinberg	per
johan ärdis	per
jaan iwanson	per
mölder J.F:Klein	PER
jürri kõrre	per
peter arikuga	per
frommholdt elend	per
mikko jürri	per
jürri parri	per
jaan willipson	per
jaan wastallo	per
mina polakese	per
maddis kusik	per
mart kint	per
jüri arta	per
jaan juu	per
jaan opsula	per
sammeli mart	per
sander	per
wosmi	loc
jürri kristjan	per
mari piller	per
kaarli wihma	per
karel pedur,	per
anna kiisla	per
hindrek allak	per
juhan notapera	per
aado wahtra	per
peter laar	per
ain erg	per
h. hermann	per
andrus takkis	per
ann tarkin	per
mart pulbert,	per
peter petersohn	per
johan kolbergiga	per
f. birk	per
ingel wahha	per
jaan räbbane	per
marri weikart	per
mihkel kütt toma poeg	per
jakob janit	per
rosalie paukamm	per
katri toll	per
josep säsku	per
jaan konsa	per
jaan puhkim	per
jakop lepp	per
jakop wahher	per
jürri männart	per
sikkaselja jani poeg hushar	per
nagla	loc
marri mäeberg	per
maksim tihomirow	per
willem raudsep	per
ell kott	per
jüri nigula	per
daniel hintzer	per
jürri luk	per
liisa lindrop	per
josep zirna	per
an otsman	per
jakow kusmin kekischew	per
prasenja mihailowna	per
saksa jaan	per
truta kümmel	per
joh. krusert	per
johan mark	per
kaurilla ifanin	per
aleksander kirst	per
jurri piper	per
abram kooki	per
mart uuritse	per
johann weske	per
jaan abramsoni lesk	per
johannes jaani poeg jagoman	per
marri sammel	per
jaan wisser	per
hans wiispert	per
tomas kleidung	per
hinrik põdder	per
jaan kowwal	per
mart siimson	per
kaupmees annikow	per
ürri Waddi	PER
jüri kodasma	per
j.wisileht	per
jakob lallo	per
mihkel sep	per
jakobom erlihom	per
kustas mõistlik	per
mats lepp	per
mart suhkna	per
madi ups	per
juhan lõhkikiwi	per
jakob tõrruwerre, juhani p.	per
jaan sippelgas	per
josep punnisonil	per
aleksandeer rosenthal	per
gawrilla nemetzile	per
jurri saardson	per
hans alberg	per
jaan konsap	per
karel laurison jaani poeg	per
marii kuub	per
wiiu wentsel	per
karl tiit	per
maert org	per
anders stenholmi	per
jürri raja	per
johan förberg	per
ado traasberg	per
niglas kopti	per
juhhan tens	per
tomas saar	per
juhhan nõmme	per
mihkel kuk	per
won Oldekop	PER
kristjan kask	per
johan ossep	per
gustav jürjensoni	per
jürri sallo	per
jakob simulask	per
jürri lindmets	per
karel ambos	per
ann paljak	per
juhhan kook	per
anton goldberg	per
peter spiridonow woronow	per
jürri siirman	per
karl klasen	per
jakobil	per
j anderson	per
jaan kubja	per
kakko jaan	per
aleksander märks	per
maddis õun	per
aleksei urgard	per
jürri luhhaveer	per
juri magnus	per
jürri kuk	per
hans kütt	per
johan klaosson	per
tanno lester	per
jahn jahnson	per
hans harjaks	per
mai kondas	per
hindrik lipson	per
johann weinberg	per
juhan tortndhal	per
idrik Tork	PER
ado kandlin	per
els mutsu	per
aan Jennes	PER
kõtzi	per
hans kulpas	per
jürri kraut	per
mõisavalitsus	per
hendrik tork	per
mihkel mardi p. baumwerk	per
jaan parm	per
liisu palsam	per
hans pirson	per
ann allik	per
mai riimann	per
ingel ustallo	per
hindrik lindou	per
josep sutz	per
peter parmann	per
sureperre mattis	per
hans marribu	per
soniste metsa	per
mait mardi p.limberg	per
johan kolk	per
mart rist	per
mart laud karli poeg	per
melania kerme	per
ewa ounapu	per
jaan sirg	per
adu palitser	per
jahn liew	per
jaan trossi	per
peter kristuwingi	per
juri kasik	per
roman jakow	per
mihkel ahndo	per
kürri tomson	per
otto sepp	per
jürri asper	per
mart krusberg	per
jaan lanning	per
juhan kurwitz	per
jürri gerassimow	per
mihkel kiristaja	per
johann woseberg	per
t.ku	per
lotta elken	per
abram liis	per
märt ebri naene	per
mai pallo	per
jüri tammann	per
maddis tosso	per
ann aloeli	per
märt paabot	per
peter linden	per
karel leppik	per
mihkel jüri p. krusberg	per
wedor jakowlew baranin	per
gustav külla	per
otto paalberg	per
kurrikoffi	per
tomas aunapu josepi p	per
mooste	per
jürri pruli	per
jüri jürjer	per
wassili iwanow skorodumow	per
johan romandi	per
josep kallasto	per
josep wilp	per
andres siisberk	per
liis iwanthal	per
kondrati iwanow karsohanow	per
jaan jurgend	per
mihkel briks	per
michel timmo	per
johann sammel	per
hans kiwistikko	per
josep ado p. leibak	per
madis marti p. weltman	per
marri wirwes	per
eewa ojamaa	per
tomas	per
rein roots	per
ann wirga	per
juhhan kirrisep	per
marie möts	per
mart part	per
andres pihlak	per
jürri bringfelt	per
marie pärteli	per
kusta õun	per
karl raut	per
juhan aun	per
koolmeister willem kirrik	per
moisawallitsuse	PER
hans kihlewelt	per
tio dreg	per
jaan ojow	per
ado liwak	per
peter kuub	per
jakob aun	per
wildfrid rosental	per
kusta kõllamets	per
dssss	PER
michel	per
andres susaar	per
andres peterson	per
peter paabusk	per
jaak eino	per
peter tilgand	per
joh. serg	per
s	misc
kersna piir	per
moisa	loc
karl puksa	per
hans nokkas	per
johann suursild	per
mart leitorp	per
peeter kusma	per
jaan lambasar	per
p. leisberg	per
abram tamm	per
andres welt	per
smeeds	per
juhhan, nautrase, naene, marriette	per
anson olde michel	per
karel siirmann	per
josep üllimson	per
willemi juhhan	per
magnus tamberg	per
joosep zirk	per
margus meij	per
jaan räbas	per
jaan oja madise poeg	per
werneeme juhan toru	per
hans pusep	per
metsawaht Karel Wacht	PER
peeter taarus	per
otto tarrask	per
an raima	per
andres jurgens	per
juhhan traat	per
jaan rüitli	per
toomas hanso poeg jürgens	per
jürri larm	per
josep timmusk	per
maddis tekni	per
art Kreisberg.	PER
an trupärk	per
jagob martensoni naine trudo	per
hans kukkepala	per
anders städ	per
kirchhof	per
mina ränni	per
jahn pertma	per
liso allik	per
mihkel mardo	per
jakop adamson	per
jaan einmets	per
peter kärner	per
käusta jahn	per
juhan kaan	per
kustaw selbrg	per
eduard grünberg	per
jürry kütt	per
agafia petrowna kurnosowa	per
willem sild	per
mart matten	per
johan mutsu	per
rudolw	per
juhan summa	per
mihkel kübar	per
dawit suits	per
leena ainson	per
mihkel leben	per
weskimetsa jürri	per
toomas gams	per
katri harro	per
rein naggelmann	per
hindrik kask	per
josep kuslap	per
peeter sawi	per
otto terik	per
jakob paljak	per
liisa matson	per
jürri trikki	per
juhantannebaum	per
peter jagomann	per
joosep kade	per
peter wirk	per
johan mutzo	per
jahn tolmats	per
madi peeterson	per
jakob saeberg	per
wio karits	per
tõnno warblase	per
miihel rätsepa	per
mall	per
tomas reisenpuk	per
jaan kangor	per
peeter wild	per
ado pilt	per
angeper westerblom	per
juhhan tamets	per
jogan karlov rozental	per
joh. roos	per
wenne	per
august johani p. laane	per
hindrek kuusmann	per
ado soomann	per
johann pennij	per
matz krewel	per
els mutso	per
jakob räimtaal	per
saksa jani sullane peter	per
an neinberk	per
mart wenno	per
maddis sildnik	per
marri fluss	per
paap jagundi	per
jakob ellart	per
tomas limper	per
tomas eldermann	per
juhhan andressoni	per
juhan walk	per
paero marti	per
hinrek kotsar	per
johann reino poeg wiilup	per
juhan ehrbusch	per
jaan mühlmann	per
dittmari	per
käär	per
agrafina koschenowa	per
leno maaslep	per
jula uggur	per
kadri silm	per
jaan leppikow	per
jakob pern	per
jürri lehtmetsa	per
hans jaiob	per
johan uint	per
mart plaks	per
mihkel bachmann	per
aug. hintzer	per
elias	per
maddis suitt	per
hans bachman	per
eduart kruuspan	per
kusta pehgme	per
pühajärwe	loc
mihkel waheri	per
kusta weski	per
widu ritsing	per
liis neibal	per
karel steinmann	per
thoma	loc
kondra jaan	per
johan paddar	per
hensel	per
tannil lange	per
märt õunapu	per
hindrietta pauliine kuulberg	per
jakkob neiman	per
mai martsik	per
jürri ummus	per
jakob tenno	per
mickko peter	per
willem perramets	per
tönnis ichla	per
h.alberg	per
an luk	per
oja tönno	per
jaan lätt	per
hinrik  kotsar	per
mihkel tomik	per
mai mihkelson	per
jaan jakoby p. aero	per
jürri peter	per
alexander fomkino	per
ue põltsama mois	per
miina aleksandri naene kiider	per
tanel rusalep	per
mart rebase	per
hendrek lilles	per
aleksande wassili p. potahof	per
luiga andresel	per
fodei charlamow bonderew	per
hans kartau	per
jaak lindau	per
hindrik thomson	per
jagop lahd	per
mart malm	per
alexander bergmann	per
paul olle	per
andrus peetri p. mänd	per
timofei iwanow	per
joosep andersonil	per
josep goldberg	per
jaan hindriksoni	per
juhan walli	per
wallawannem siim ennov	per
herma matto	per
hans madison	per
jaan moosnon	per
jüri lätti	per
mihkel tirrmann	per
josep erik	per
ossip radiwan	per
maddis jaokson	per
...	MISC
mihkel rattas	per
hans tiks	per
ain krimm	per
f. bar. stakelberg	per
johann treieli	per
andres selge	per
märt lillenthal	per
karpa jegorow matuschowile	per
nikolai tšistjakov	per
karel pullberg	per
liivaku pois johann treie	per
peter pilli	per
kristjan  wanda	per
jacop lomp	per
johan herman	per
adam traugo	per
puugi jaan walk	per
mari kriis	per
kusta tobias	per
hans kenno	per
h. kärik	per
josep kolmape	per
songa laar	per
karl bachfeldt	per
ado kuljus	per
adu heldemaa	per
juhan einkaff	per
üri Päärsoni	PER
wattra jani	per
iwan samoilow	per
jaan weber	per
tõnu tõnu poeg särg	per
kadri kallaus	per
moiawallitseja Funcke	PER
jaan nugi	per
melania põld	per
h perkman	per
peter helberk	per
jakob erlih	per
juhhan juhanson	per
karl jürgenson	per
ants ausmees	per
kustaw peetri p. boa	per
tawet küt	per
maddis pärn	per
juhan wesk	per
kustas semidor	per
tõno ado p. tammeots	per
juhan koger	per
jaan wirmann	per
juhhan altmann	per
liis kurg	per
hans sootz	per
august küllile	per
karl tedder	per
august saarmann	per
jaan papp	per
ado lentsius	per
pearn tudeberg	per
tawi raet	per
martin willman	per
hendrik koerw	per
peet ella	per
osep Lepson	PER
peter ulas	per
karl. wiland	per
friidu jaani p sepp	per
maddis habakuk karli poeg	per
kirill jakobi poeg aaben	per
mart hörden	per
a. zärens	per
jaan parmson,	per
nömme jagub	per
g. weebe	per
miina jors	per
jakob willensohn	per
smeedsile	per
mihkel pollma	per
chr. kapp	per
toma weltwebli	per
t.soiewa,	per
peter wisser	per
carl deschügu	per
maert niggul	per
jaan johannson	per
jürri jürgensohn	per
jaan käit	per
mai jagupi	per
karel erdis	per
kondrati iwanow lebedew	per
mart paalberg	per
jürri tonnisson	per
johan indrikson	per
mikko kusta	per
mart lettensi	per
jaan jaaks	per
mihkel simsohn	per
simon zanne	per
kadri riesmann	per
alexander luck	per
jaan elleri	per
mikko	loc
johan naggel	per
j. kaasik	per
mihkel krik	per
jaan wahi	per
heinrich treufeld	per
karel reinomäggi	per
simon dukan	per
hans sep	per
leenu napthal	per
jurri meier	per
retsniku hendrik luts	per
jaan saarmann	per
naum dmitriew	per
ann tamm	per
karli tedder	per
mihkel pussi	per
a von braschi	per
johan rihm	per
peet moki	per
widrik wusck	per
avgust i aleksandr erenvert	per
sengelmann	per
juhanes mesner	per
peter kamma	per
gusta karpson	per
mart kotto	per
fr. birk	per
michel oebius	per
jaan jakobi poeg kääriku	per
tõnu ahlbok	per
peep narustrang	per
madli lustwerk	per
hans wask	per
reino karli	per
wido heidritz	per
lorenz waldat	per
johan sarris	per
frido ladermann	per
jaan kusta	per
kustas	per
uueotsa juhanes krasmus	per
maddis tuul	per
mart tiiswelt	per
abram iob	per
endine vallavanem p.roth	per
jaan tõõtsow	per
mihkel herman	per
johan kolka	per
thomas raja	per
marre pill	per
jaan lep	per
naudi	per
tawit walmas	per
mihkel radik	per
ann kool	per
gusta woll	per
widrik eiche	per
lisa ots	per
jaan ritzon	per
reinhold ottu poea juhansoni	per
mart laurson	per
fedor prokofjewi	per
mart mihkli p. kuusk,	per
jakob waddi karli poig	per
hindrik jwanson	per
käsper lepwikmanni	per
hindrik laari	per
abram	per
hans arro	per
mihkel meius	per
johann koch	per
michel sok	per
trino ando	per
jakob perramets,	per
jüri marder	per
karel adof	per
hell põld	per
juhhan rawa	per
jakab kirspaum	per
warrese ado	per
metsawaht	PER
iwan jegorow	per
joosep kurg	per
jürri prandi	per
pridik kelmser	per
siim sprunkberg	per
herra von Schwebs	PER
k.koppel	per
mihkel pukk	per
jaan juhkamson	per
jaan herbst	per
jaak sillman	per
wasili grigorjew gamsin	per
jaak mardi poeg leht	per
tõnnis ringenwalt	per
kadri ärrin	per
hindrek anton	per
johann oja	per
joosep pungi	per
joseph lippa	per
agneta bekmanni	per
wasili sergejew isotow	per
nicolai birkhahn	per
hans perre	per
lisa jakobson	per
jaan rullingkoff	per
liis ojoja	per
peter parrind	per
mihkel kotto	per
juhan	per
retik lahke	per
jaan jallak	per
mai jüri t. kangur	per
jaan odolandt	per
enno alla	per
josep jürgen	per
j. ehnbaum	per
josep warrusk	per
joosep prikker	per
gustaw tamberg	per
retzniko matzi	per
kottlip hansing	per
eeva truus	per
maddis müür	per
kullo johan	per
tõnis kummelby	per
jaan tõnning	per
mihkel lal	per
peeter lige	per
jürri sewerti	per
mihkel ilwes	per
albre hindrik	per
jaak peert	per
jakob käit	per
peter kommer	per
juhan madison	per
jürri kalm	per
perremehhet Jürri Rosenberg ja Tomas Befeldt	PER
ado habbakuk	per
kaarel arno	per
jürri krassman	per
mart peetri p. prussak	per
tawet lepp jürri poeg	per
kärla	per
posti hindrik	per
andres jukamsoni	per
ano prins	per
turba	loc
hans treimann	per
adam puurmanni	per
arron	per
juhan siim	per
jürri annus	per
juri liiberg	per
karl ernitse	per
mats stahlmann	per
hans lüik	per
jaak mustkibbi	per
hindrik paap	per
mai pakkal	per
reet sep	per
jaan rautsep	per
mart weinglassi	per
jaan wiks	per
kärsna erik	per
karl krünthal	per
hans mikson	per
herra baron von tiesenhauser	per
mairt kreeps	per
jula tiirmann	per
mart toomingas	per
widrik kõrressaar	per
hans werwiman	per
kusta nerut	per
arupere ludwi ropenani	per
priidu jöe	per
jaan edro	per
juhan kuusik	per
mai kimask	per
tõnis palu	per
jaan reemann	per
anu saag	per
kusta karits	per
andres reiman	per
hans olmberg	per
karl raudsep	per
gustas lepiman	per
mari lang	per
johann hindrikson	per
iwan uljanose p. rübolowski	per
jaan plado veli	per
mari matt	per
röhde	per
peter täht	per
mihkel bahn	per
leen rebbane	per
peter paabson	per
josep nahkor	per
karl v. seidliz	per
pehk	per
adam walgerist	per
scheermann	per
aab	misc
maddis alle	per
kristjan kübar	per
mickas	per
hendrek ints	per
metsa waht Juhhan Krani	PER
janus weison	per
karel paio josepi p	per
maddis repnau	per
gross	per
riinu laan	per
mart jürjenstein	per
küttipeter michel watzar	per
jürri milder	per
jakob põld	per
juhhan leander	per
mihkel kalju	per
reet tõõtsow	per
nukki	loc
hensel-steppi	per
mai klaup	per
peter sotter	per
otto mesila	per
thomas martensohn, peter jama	per
ado jaani poeg hermann	per
jacob wiinberg	per
fedoro michailowa	per
peter tenn	per
johan indt	per
jakob kibena	per
johan ritson	per
juhhan toming	per
tõnno eplar	per
jaak aule	per
kangro reino	per
dudorowsky	per
jürrij	per
danila timofejew bubnow	per
joosep woikson	per
kustas jaani p. põder	per
peeter kenner	per
wido narusberg	per
karel nitiko	per
alleksanter siipärg	per
peter issakson	per
otto samuel tarrask	per
pedokse	loc
andres kuusk hindriko poeg	per
ano poltimäe	per
kusta goldberg	per
mäe jürri	per
tannil tuwwi	per
boris andrejew lasarew	per
maij tamm	per
jüri korkmann	per
juhan schuman	per
karl oru	per
toomas olus	per
juhan arrak	per
sohwi weideberg	per
ann põwwat	per
ann uukuhe	per
mihkel awwi	per
jaan palz	per
anno woika	per
roth	per
jakob oinberg	per
kadri liiw	per
jürrij kangro	per
jaan wosmani	per
johannes räbis	per
reinomäggi	per
eeva ausing	per
perrisHerrale	PER
juhan riiner	per
tomas samelson	per
johan põld	per
albrei	per
logama josep loberg	per
margus kreutz	per
andrus haldrik	per
mari niklaus	per
jaan kukk josepi poeg	per
juhhan tisel	per
m.kaumann	per
tõnis bachk	per
kaidra	loc
hans olosohen	per
simmo onno	per
peep hutt	per
jaan sangel	per
abram abakuk	per
jürri ein	per
thomas pulk	per
marri möttliko	per
juhhan kiitmann	per
adu kihlewelti	per
baronesside pilar v. pilchaude	per
jakob pabusk	per
aleksander siberg	per
iwan jakowlew sõischnikow	per
juhhan pern	per
metsaüllewataja	PER
prassenja soppina	per
jaan pauls	per
katarina englund	per
august neisari	per
jaan nömmwalz	per
august schmalzi	per
tio aman	per
jakob parmak	per
mihkle silk mihkli poeg	per
jürgenson	per
jürri abram	per
jürrij krus	per
jüri moldaw	per
peter järpold	per
akob Sallo	PER
josep gern	per
aleksander deksling	per
johann siegert	per
jekim sadownikow	per
tomas pihlak	per
iwan stepan kirill	per
rein bachi	per
s Tõnnis Abramso	PER
sulbi talu	per
gotlieb mets	per
peeter mökule	per
aleksander silla	per
hans umbsaar tõnise poeg	per
lutsu jürrij	per
jakob simmulov	per
rein sungs	per
jakkop konsi	per
reino peter	per
kusta kaur	per
t. hörden.	per
karel silm	per
juhan sunison	per
johan leinberg	per
hindrik silatz	per
mõisawallitseja	PER
jüri saks	per
josep saar	per
kaarl roost	per
epp asso	per
jaak eino	per
jaan kaunis	per
hintzer	per
tõnu tõnise poeg weimer	per
kusta tannebaum	per
mathiesene	per
jaan mardi p. loim	per
willem kutser	per
jüri schönberg	per
liso masing	per
michel müller	per
maddis laats	per
karel kaer	per
peter heiberk	per
jaan pärn	per
kowwale	loc
mari hanson	per
müller	per
august kuusik	per
tio krusse	per
jaen algoh	per
ado raudpu	per
michel elmik	per
jaan erik	per
hans oldroth	per
mihk. rõõmus	per
ann jürgenson	per
juhhan schulpach	per
abram mäggi	per
udele jürri juhhan	per
jaan kalk	per
sidor ignatjew	per
hans kiesel	per
mihkel moloka	per
mart lilleput	per
jakob wõsu	per
von Anrep	PER
jakob tinask	per
mart hinnow	per
jürri lindok	per
jaan oksa	per
samuel tikk	per
mik raudmanson	per
jaan simsohn	per
jaak matzin	per
kika jahn	per
jaan laasberg	per
mees	PER
juhhan suursild	per
peeter lutsaar	per
liso tarra	per
hans weinberg	per
kai	per
jüri türk	per
jurri moss	per
nagla pedo	per
tõnno juhanson	per
liso turjakas	per
peter zupsa	per
j. dolff	per
priidu tänawa	per
ürri Ummus	PER
an kamberg	per
hans diis	per
miina silmer	per
peeter rooberg	per
reino mihkeli poeg karel	per
ans sik	per
johann linnas	per
juhhan simmulow n temmä naine tina	per
k böttcher	per
ann espe	per
tawi walwas	per
graebneri	per
rein simmuland	per
jaan kuck	per
iwan kondratiew	per
jakop sichwerman	per
jakop wahtra	per
leena tamm	per
kristjan hanson	per
hinrek kalk	per
märt soop	per
marri flus	per
aleksander rihm	per
jaan kompus	per
johan johannson	per
juhan kerner	per
tiesenhausen	per
christjan friedrisohn	per
jaanus kuiwas	per
kok	misc
johann mölter	per
kiitteri hanso poeg hans puumann	per
samo jürrison	per
wladimir krinitski	per
johan lipp	per
kusta päiw	per
garafim tihomirow	per
johann erik	per
prido huuk	per
joosep andersoni	per
johan kõllametsa	per
j.jurjew	per
mai kotkas	per
siim joudowalt	per
jürri mäggi	per
jürri wammus	per
jaan laisk	per
oto noring	per
hans piksen	per
jürri tõnno poeg kopti	per
peter listman	per
jaan ismael	per
tatjana pola´kowa	per
mart kask josepi poeg	per
peep lepmann	per
karel laiger	per
liis wasar	per
leno wirman	per
jaak sawik	per
tawet kook	per
wallawannem maddis saar	per
ann simmermann	per
ann kiisla	per
tõnu tiitso p. kleesmann	per
chawronja tichonowna	per
jüri paal	per
juhan silter	per
jaan kallastele	per
tiina josep wössmannile	per
hans kolk	per
mihkel jüri poeg estenthal	per
jaen	per
jüri riesenberg	per
peter riwiku	per
alma mari johani	per
jakob sippul	per
timofei iwanow gretsch	per
jaan taberland	per
hindrek jüri	per
kustaw kussman	per
liso kutser	per
johann wisk	per
kai kukk	per
otto kuusg	per
jürri tärnn	per
mats matsi poeg einson	per
aleksander anupõld	per
pearn aawer	per
andres tamm	per
laes moondo	per
juhan kummelbi	per
jüri ilwes	per
chr kappi	per
gustav naba	per
johan kuka	per
matsi jaak	per
jürri hanso p. kirk	per
matfei feodorow saposchnikow	per
juhan kärtmann	per
jsak oinberg	per
hans wolrat	per
ans wisitami	per
krõth saksi	per
juhan silbermann	per
juhan waadewits	per
afonasij iljini karsubowile	per
jüri nigul	per
tanno lyra	per
daawid	per
mihkel miilmann	per
hans lembra	per
kuka johani	per
hendrik olde	per
juhhan bringfeldt	per
rein pekaln	per
metsawahi jüri kuusk	per
hans mauer	per
josep pihkwa	per
juhhan reinod	per
michel haro	per
karel laigar	per
mihkel lallo	per
peeter tuul	per
mari piksen	per
riiska siimon lausing	per
abram tedderson	per
priidu kaewatsi	per
kustas kroon	per
jürri laisk	per
willem murd	per
mihkel samelson	per
mihkel paalberg	per
liis hinso	per
foma parfejew ratmanow	per
tiio notapera	per
jaan seba	per
jürri paljak	per
johan andersohn	per
johhan linderi	per
wal	PER
pallo jakob	per
mart niggu	per
jakob tanniberk	per
mats tolmats	per
iwan bubnowi	per
kooliwannem Tomas Wel	PER
jaan kasak	per
tannil hak	per
josepp lepp	per
johan kaps	per
baron tiesenhausen	per
hans errin	per
ann jagomäe	per
alleksei angur	per
p. won maijdell	per
dmitri trofimow skorohodow	per
miina wastalo	per
neroti anso	per
karel jõggew	per
jaan hendreksohn	per
ann englis	per
august ambrosius	per
johan piilbergi	per
jaan juhanson	per
karl sibbul	per
r.	per
wahe	loc
juhan kupri	per
jürri kaunisback	per
mihkel juri poeg tarkmees,	per
liisu libbe	per
reisenof	misc
jüri mihkle p. murumägi	per
jaan juhhanson	per
johan thal	per
h. lassel	per
nõmm	per
mart kallaus	per
jaan tälli	per
kusta otto p. alilenderi	per
targa jaani	per
peeter põld	per
peter reinmann	per
jakow trafimow	per
peter paets	per
jürri krais	per
hans künstler	per
jüri kokko	per
jaan kallis	per
willem luik	per
mihkel ewert	per
hans wahtrik	per
joosep parmak	per
simmo rattas	per
joosep rusalep	per
konrati iwanowi	per
tõnis tutenpali	per
lawrenti jefimow tarakanow	per
pobbol udde hanso jürri	per
karl sulsberg	per
tönno kruustük	per
b. von wahl	per
sawa jaan	per
punnapäe jaan	per
kelle johan	per
jürri lodde	per
hindrik rooma	per
jakopi	per
pertla tõnnis	per
andre pranz	per
mihkel paas	per
c. seidlitz	per
juhan hio	per
juhhan sakkius	per
kohtuabbi reinholt tamm	per
libe zabele	per
adam sööt	per
august mihkle p. raudmets	per
jürri lattik	per
jaan kripson	per
jaan erin	per
hendrik wahha	per
tannil oinas	per
ado weide	per
anna feodori lesk lember,	per
hans wiirasson	per
jaen löhmus	per
mert peep	per
tomas allik	per
liso sunman	per
otto pirke	per
mik saar	per
anne tork	per
johan koor	per
mõisawallitsus	PER
hans naatu	per
dawit lipping	per
andres matto	per
andrus waggane	per
tomas undusk	per
jakob oinusel	per
mart tamm	per
jaan anna	per
paap kresmann	per
tanno sippul	per
truto sillisaar	per
mart kuljus	per
mart wärtmann	per
tomas lembra	per
karel talli	per
andre kirst	per
tosso jürri	per
jakob lillestern	per
juhan kilk	per
m jakobi	per
iwan scherbakow,  finageid jegorow prigoschew, pawel jekimow betikin	per
ado must	per
tamme	loc
m	misc
tõnno neida	per
mert kupetu	per
tõnnise	loc
hans kont	per
hans wärber	per
madli palm	per
mihkel silbermann	per
peeter möldre	per
anno	per
ann puppa	per
pusi hendrek	per
mihkel grewel	per
johann loos	per
jüri mihkle p. kandelin	per
mihkel oksa	per
josep kariin	per
jaan kusmin	per
jakow naruskow	per
karl bleier	per
adam ehrendorff	per
kota wossman	per
kustas grünberg	per
irinja perfiljewna	per
daawit pabo	per
mari juhani t. epner	per
josep jonasson	per
juri masso	per
jakkap roon	per
jakob kull	per
peter wissmann	per
tuuse jaan waldmann	per
jürri kuusmann	per
liisu jaani tütar põld	per
johan westerblom	per
mart pärn	per
jaan metjäär	per
mango rits	per
mikifor belokurow	per
jaagup leetberg	per
karel aab	per
jurri sitam	per
jaan habakuk josepi poeg	per
hindrik hirt	per
julie peterson	per
jüri rekkand	per
mart liiw	per
hans kots	per
jaakob roosenbaum	per
tönnis karjama	per
johan waldminne	per
hermann laiharias	per
mihkel pusep	per
jüri lewet	per
kaarel allu	per
gustaw sinnik	per
hans tõhnas	per
jaan kubbar	per
kristjan leiwat	per
karel wända	per
tõnnis rist	per
mari rüitel	per
jüri kuusmann	per
johann sander	per
adam paddar	per
hans aal	per
mihkel kask	per
kurrika michel	per
andre sock	per
teddremäe	loc
peep rattas	per
jahni abakukele	per
jaan kreek	per
kai pihkwa	per
dawid hendrik	per
tõela karel	per
wilhelm krachti	per
laes sarg	per
mohrenschildt	per
jaan härmani	per
jürri puusep	per
jürri leppik	per
jaan karep	per
mari tomann	per
a. benholm	per
jaan wembeerg	per
priidu jõe	per
peter iwanow lebedew	per
dolff	per
kustaw rämeti	per
rein loig	per
lask liis	per
jürri otsman	per
j. lebedew	per
döring	per
jürri leng	per
mikk willipson	per
toomas tuttenpall	per
tannil luik	per
joh. nagel	per
hans härm	per
mihkel orjak	per
iwan saweljew kudraschow	per
gusta eichhorn	per
hans järlow	per
jaan parsoni	per
loego	per
marri ilwes	per
r	MISC
lars söderholm	per
üri Pappiaru	PER
jürri tartu	per
jürri täht	per
johan mälifer	per
ristel	per
kai fischer	per
an tiberk	per
jakob pung	per
mihkel heinmann	per
hans baumann	per
jürri möllifer	per
mari ollino	per
jaan ado poeg mager	per
m. promet	per
jaen mölter	per
anna samm	per
mart matsoni	per
jacob areni	per
feodor tuus	per
päirt wakrööm	per
hindrik hirta	per
tönis saug	per
jaan piirberg	per
maij lausing	per
mihkel kukk	per
mikk tislar	per
andres pugri	per
krut hogani	per
rein pedmanson	per
ann ilwes	per
tõnis wolensi	per
ado keppi	per
kusta klaus	per
peter karnask	per
kustaw pirn	per
maxim kusmin	per
juri	per
kusta semmelil	per
jaan retsnik	per
mihkel jallak	per
mari luude	per
petra polkowile	per
jaan paddar	per
hallika joost nelkberg	per
peter hendrikson	per
flanz	per
karl niklus	per
jaan kusik	per
karl wäljan	per
jaan kallas	per
peter kutzari	per
pojo jaan	per
kotard otsustalo	per
wulfi isand	per
peeter hiob	per
mihkel treewing	per
peter mikson	per
aarli Parw	PER
ann sassian	per
jüri pääw	per
otto bach	per
perris härrast	PER
nikolai lawrentjew	per
kristjan beckmann	per
andres käsber	per
kusta jaani poeg wirro	per
hans treial	per
iwan filipow	per
jaak pillmann	per
jaak tarkind	per
gustav kokka l	per
sassa reinwald	per
liina kürsand	per
rein aunapu	per
ain johannson	per
peter jürgenson	per
gustav tamm	per
jaani merti	per
tammikko	per
jaan saul	per
hendrik mitt	per
jooseph mauring	per
jaan olesk	per
aabram nahkur	per
jüri penter	per
mihkel laurison jaani poeg	per
tõnno reinberg	per
wallawannem josep leppik	per
jõggewa	per
juhan jürrisson	per
aleksei iwanow skorohodow	per
a. jakobson	per
andres wähi	per
dawid kurg	per
metsawaht Gusta Moggow	PER
anna jaska	per
johan wisk	per
karl martinson	per
mihkel rõõmus	per
adam piir	per
kustas ojasaun	per
mihkel messi	per
tomas jallak jaani poeg	per
madli härg	per
aleksei pihhil	per
jaan lobba	per
mart kurristik	per
j.tootsiga	per
jaan leib	per
jahni weimann	per
matsi rein	per
jaan jaanson	per
mihkel wälli	per
johan leego	per
jüri tambergi	per
lars	per
juhan isak	per
katarina apelblom	per
luukse peeter luts	per
josep kotkas	per
erma jahn	per
kollomikko peter	per
josep zakarjal	per
karel waller	per
andrus kulbergi	per
hans aurik	per
peter sergejew subow	per
rudolph abram	per
bernhard adelson	per
hinrek kerb	per
johann willemson	per
mert polak	per
jaagup leisberg	per
karel till,	per
laose	loc
leonti sidorow solovjow	per
karpa nikitin	per
elias narits	per
hans laugusele	per
siim	per
jürri	per
kustas kopp	per
hans liljeros	per
kadri juhanson	per
adam rosenstaruch	per
michel hansingo	per
josep kõiw	per
jaan toodsi	per
jaan tuts	per
anton burmeister	per
hans kõlli	per
suurkörwa aini peter	per
hans meier	per
jaan raudjalg	per
peter ulla	per
reinot malberk	per
tõela kaarle	per
josep lätt	per
josep kallause	per
jakop karro	per
hans janno	per
josep runing	per
leen särg	per
otto ampel	per
rein kuulepp	per
jaan lükku	per
gustaw tolmusk	per
jaan leppärk	per
juhann schillert	per
andres männik	per
adam pukk	per
pridik rosenberg	per
johann sippul	per
peter mölder	per
kaarl	per
epmann	per
an kattel	per
iwan awik	per
ellias sommer	per
aron kaddak	per
antoni kask	per
jaan kruuspan	per
peter tedder	per
liisu ilwes	per
liisu lauer	per
karel zerning	per
jürri kerris	per
jakob utte	per
mart siim	per
josep hanson	per
johan pahl	per
jaagup oltsmann	per
simmu tüll	per
karl kirschbaum	per
madli allik	per
renti praua	per
johan killak	per
jaak kirs	per
peeter sergejew sukow	per
karel raja	per
hindrik lahd	per
kustas oiasaun	per
mihkel	per
jaan tamekänd	per
wälia	LOC
daniel perg	per
jüri haageja	per
rebbase jürri truus	per
tönno iwan	per
kuigo mart	per
jaan kerdt	per
von Helffreichi	PER
karel saks	per
jürri arta	per
aleksander lieberg	per
otto madisshon	per
mihkel rauba	per
jakkop tuhha	per
ado kreis	per
liis tilp	per
b. v. wahl	per
jaan mutso	per
liisu siimson	per
hans peetson	per
hindrik must	per
jüri erzman	per
jakob reemann	per
adam tross	per
koorweere taluomanik peep riihm	per
priidu sepphaamer	per
jefim iwanow krolow	per
josep pärnn	per
kristjan kontkar	per
akob Kirspaum	PER
jaan leht	per
johan joonas	per
ann weib	per
hans nömme	per
jakop kangor	per
ann liiwak	per
juulia üksti	per
tönno anso mart	per
jürri lasku	per
karl kanep	per
jakob roodi	per
maksim sawostkin	per
jaan otti	per
lena wisberg	per
pawel smirnowile	per
jüri kraut	per
peter kübbar	per
arjukline Schoglow	PER
jüri sang	per
janus jaanson	per
jaan karpson	per
sowa hans	per
lauri subsi hans	per
jaen ussin	per
jaan aniwaltist	per
tanno tirrul	per
feodor kromonow	per
kördi willem	per
kohtomees märt piiri	per
isak josua	per
tomas laurisson	per
jaan lükko	per
andrei tschaschka	per
mai naudi	per
ado rämmal	per
karl dike,anders städ,hans michelin,johan stenholm,joh	per
hendrik lelle	per
j. iis	per
miina õigus	per
siim nee	per
r. priidemann	per
leenu tudeberg	per
anno kammarik	per
karl roots	per
märt saar	per
juhhan uint	per
peter jüri p. steinbach	per
aabram blumfeldt	per
jüri kustase poeg ewertmurd	per
josep nõmme	per
simon wirks	per
metsaüllevataja	PER
hans korjus	per
jakob kusik	per
matrona grigorjevna kostina	per
krõõt flussi	per
kreet sinnik	per
jaan josingi	per
katerina kulakowa	per
juri tomingas	per
mart rebbas	per
ahja mõis	loc
põhu willem luik	per
karl pihhor	per
hans aidu	per
lombi jagup lõuke	per
karel schmidh	per
tomas tikk	per
jaan hansu p. kruusman	per
ado aliko	per
jaan nautras	per
miina usai	per
hans kelgo	per
jaan reinold	per
junkel bõirsaks	per
kustas walp	per
mats walling	per
johann ritso	per
põrka	per
josep leppasep	per
miina pallo	per
jüri roiland	per
isak oinberg	per
triinu wemberg	per
peet peedi poeg gerretz	per
juhhan rumberg	per
karel suursild	per
tawet stam	per
juhan sassian	per
pearo pentjor	per
lauri jakop	per
jakop hindrikson	per
märt semljak	per
kugelan	per
hendrik hendrikson	per
tommas udeman	per
andres tumm	per
peter tiberki	per
andres Traks	PER
poaksime anton	per
hindrik rüütli	per
kaarel wäljar	per
juhan aunapuu	per
jaak pullerits	per
annem Tomas Welti	PER
andrus reinbaki	per
karel laigarti	per
mihkel sahtel	per
denis mikson	per
joseph reiman	per
johann rehhepap	per
kristjan pedosk	per
praakly jaak	per
päirt luugus	per
jakob	per
juhhan perne	per
jürri pärdi poeg  tamm	per
s	per
jüri kuhi	per
peter isakson	per
juhhan lest	per
mai luude	per
jaan karp	per
mikel josu	per
hans wälla	per
liso meggi	per
jüri silwester	per
peetr weinber	per
peeter kripson	per
mütta juhan	per
johan kolsaar	per
lesiko jakob tolmatz	per
markus klaus	per
wassili mihailow	per
jakow danilow lawagin	per
liisa wors	per
jaan warik	per
josep klebanid	per
johanni wähhi	per
juhhan willemsohn	per
willem kutt	per
mari michelsoni	per
peeter sukk	per
mihkel josu	per
jaan tisler	per
maddis utzall	per
miina mällo	per
karl urm	per
peter johannson	per
mari limberg	per
mango marfeld	per
karl kiismani	per
baron mohrenschild	per
josep kask	per
jaan kalle	per
mart kask	per
johun riinhold	per
mai truus	per
liis roose	per
kaarel priideman	per
jaan eichenfeldti	per
alleksei petrof	per
liis piir	per
marri lewet	per
kusta kerge	per
hans einlow	per
juhan thal	per
lena korbmanni	per
miina tälli	per
johan alström	per
kristjan wärwiman	per
murrij	loc
ann rebbane	per
nikolai efremow	per
mari pelzer	per
jaak kruiberg	per
alwina alilender	per
wannakõrtsi	per
jaan waino	per
hindrik sok	per
budberg	per
juhan puseppa	per
mihkel bal	per
pulleritz	per
marri mallok	per
jaan landra	per
haritina baschmaschnikowa	per
tõnnis ammermann	per
jüri leppik	per
jakob anderson	per
jaan hansu p. reinkort	per
rein reesar	per
adam rosenstrahw	per
juhan suurkülla	per
johannes aleksandri poeg siiberg	per
mart puhlbert	per
aan Saarwale	PER
jakob roots	per
tieti allikoff	per
jermolai prostotow	per
kalberg	per
semmeli jakob	per
johan sandre	per
johan leppik	per
paisootsa jaan tammert	per
hindrik woita	per
johan lindgreni	per
johann freiwald	per
marri johanson	per
jüri madise poeg nõmm	per
kirrempä herrale	per
jaak pöderson	per
michel ainson	per
peet parrikas	per
jaan kempan	per
kai takkaperre	per
kusta mihkelson	per
jaan punn	per
peeter koor	per
michel otti	per
jakob hiob	per
peep laaskar	per
kirna	loc
leeno asberg	per
leno reinapp	per
wiksi peter	per
aleksander paukami	per
mihkel koppel toma poeg	per
mihkel pärna	per
paulbergi	per
mihkel kukkemelgil	per
rosna	per
laritze michel	per
gottlieb punnisson	per
ewa niggul	per
jaan koppli	per
jaan kristjan	per
toomas nyman	per
johan pirkega	per
thomas aug	per
kustaw reineberg	per
hans mardi p. polberg	per
anno paihker	per
willem niit	per
jürri arjasep	per
jaakop roosimägi	per
seppa karel	per
jaan raik	per
matti pool	per
johann peitli	per
kusta landre	per
mart luks	per
märt lillo,	per
mihkel laug	per
grõõt leet	per
mihei isakow	per
oona mihkel oksa	per
mats wannatoa	per
joosep raudberg	per
kusta tenno	per
gottlieb jakobson	per
johan ränk	per
hans wors	per
tõnu obermann	per
joosep juhani p. hindrek	per
hans parman	per
jaan kaarmann	per
mart mahhoment	per
polla michel	per
hindrik piirson	per
johan wahi	per
kaarl rabbison	per
johan torri	per
saksa petre naine wijo	per
kustas böttcher	per
mattis	per
karel wirro	per
jaak matson	per
grahw ungern-sternbergi	per
miina langman	per
truta johannson	per
jürri tomson	per
liis pettai	per
anna hirtentreu	per
jaen riidu p saar	per
tõno sep	per
leo von rohland	per
prits muddi	per
andre kommer	per
akkop Waddi	PER
kusta madisson	per
hans tobbi	per
an peid	per
peter pedok	per
pawel petrow scherbakow	per
jaan albert	per
karl mäeberg	per
ludwi pihlakas	per
karel hanseli	per
lihhopullij jurrij	per
karl köima	per
jakob hawakats	per
tõnu einsan	per
peeter tukk	per
tõnis lepp	per
tina sewert	per
jaak petersoni	per
samuel suurmõts	per
kristjan witismann	per
rae mõisa	per
j.hammerman	per
märt järn	per
joosep kustase p. niglas	per
jürri rehhesaar	per
maddis ehrmann	per
jürri treialile	per
hans rass	per
mihkel rooma	per
hans wella	per
rein kesa	per
greil	per
tõnnis altin	per
rein saar	per
joosep arensile	per
hans österlin,j.smedberg,th.nyman,h.alström,g.notman,a.widgren,th.sjöström,a.björkman,l.norrman,	per
ottu wahm	per
h: maddisson	per
redik puw	per
leno truu	per
willem laett	per
peter paddar	per
peter below	per
hindrik urgard	per
tomas wels	per
willem punning	per
hans jakob	per
tomas waher	per
harri paukam	per
krööt lai	per
tomas laurison	per
mihkel aab	per
jürri hergauk	per
johan nieländer	per
jakob karbing	per
juhan klaosson	per
karel mäggi	per
tiina andruse lesk allik	per
johan jänese	per
hans raisi	per
peter kister	per
kusta pechman	per
witrik musting	per
morits luik	per
karel kasse	per
jakob tomson	per
lotta harkmann	per
jürri pärnn	per
johan kütt	per
matz	per
jaan welber	per
widrik parmassonil	per
tõnno n. marri	per
tina	per
frido müller	per
mart wilk	per
jonusse karli	per
hendrek lõbas	per
joosep nepsi	per
jurri tomik	per
hindrik piirsoni	per
karel saare	per
jaak schmidt	per
juhan söel	per
moritz	per
jaan sion	per
kusta parson	per
jacob nikolai	per
hinrik kukk	per
dmitri skorohodow	per
josep krimm	per
frido andersohn	per
jakow	per
krusbergi	per
maddis liwak	per
juhan kraaw	per
andrus peikell	per
moritzijürrij	per
andre erik	per
juhhan ehrlah	per
josep matzin	per
johan grenmann	per
aeth simooue	per
spiridon bogdanow	per
märt lapp	per
jaan jüri poeg kirpmann	per
hindrek laisk	per
anberg	per
jaan thalfeld	per
tikkutaja	loc
jaan tirmannile	per
marri paets	per
soedi	loc
rokofi Egorowi p. Egorow	PER
josep wõrk	per
kustas tannebaum	per
maddis reisenpuck	per
jaan jants	per
marguse	loc
karli kok	per
peeter kind	per
jürri ithali	per
liis rooma	per
rudo hogandile	per
jaan tori	per
ann tork	per
august ernits	per
mees Otto Reinmann e	PER
josep leppiku	per
jaan römus	per
kusta rihm	per
hans wiilup	per
jaan kaaring	per
iwan karboweretsow	per
willem kries	per
jürri ichla	per
liso pertman	per
hans kesküla	per
juhan must	per
hans walk	per
allatskiwwi	loc
juhan sõrg	per
mihkel müürsepp	per
tõnno tikkar	per
lavika wanka	per
jaan wijo	per
baron G. v. Roseni	PER
jaan raudmets	per
maali annus	per
adam tõrrowerre	per
johan puhkim	per
jaan hinntahl	per
willem kracht	per
juhan meldow	per
josep karrole	per
josep ollew	per
ann tens	per
abram lind	per
hindrik pedoksaar	per
jaanusson	per
tina reiswelt	per
janus erg	per
laari	loc
miina serg	per
jurri pern	per
mihkel müürsep	per
jürri noukas	per
weodor saweljew magilewi	per
jüri wellberg	per
hans marribuu	per
jüri priidiku p. lang	per
otto adams jakobi poeg	per
liso rang	per
ants marripuu	per
mattise mattis	PER
mart mardi p.mauer	per
josep mesipuu	per
gustaw waht	per
johan loor	per
mart kassepu	per
madis rusalep	per
joosep toode	per
jaan tiisman	per
anto tamme	per
johannes mühlberg	per
jaagup pergström	per
hindrik ahhu	per
andres jaani p. pung	per
dementi isakow borodkin	per
juhan laub	per
mari klapper	per
ado mäeumbaid	per
adam puk	per
jüri urge	per
kristin kranig	per
j. thalfeld	per
kristian kontkar	per
borjeest	per
laur konsa	per
jürri ehrmann	per
jürri kutsari	per
kristjan nan	per
ewa wilipson	per
johan tedre	per
tina törro	per
rein reinberg	per
karel täpsi	per
jüri küoramehe	per
jaan hindrea	per
joosew wiido p mälton	per
jaan reimann	per
juhan hendrikson	per
jakob arenz	per
juhhan karjus	per
andres andersone	per
jakob herkel	per
hans lindros	per
jaan lang	per
juhan palmkron	per
hans tooma poeg olde	per
hindrik iwanson	per
joseph saealla	per
jaan kaddarpik	per
hants sesi	per
kustas adopoeg siirmann	per
adam puck	per
märt tünder	per
mihkel lepner	per
karl linnas	per
mihkel arjaka	per
ando sussi	per
johan pang	per
jaan mölder	per
andres abroi	per
raga	loc
woldemari paelbergi	per
juhan adu p tamm	per
jaak karbur	per
mari koor	per
josep ruuning	per
liso linder	per
jaan kleinschmitte	per
josep kilk	per
jüri neufeldt	per
peter arrosoo	per
hannes kuslap	per
jacob nõm mihkli poeg	per
silirow	misc
jakkob perramets	per
josep pödder	per
sulbi	loc
paap heddosing	per
adam kaan	per
jaan aller	per
mihkel schmidti	per
siim siim	per
lena simson	per
hindrik hanson	per
paap runar	per
ferdinand waher	per
karel kubjas	per
maria salup	per
ann roosa	per
friedrich gross	per
jaan mattisen	per
hans karlson	per
jakop mäggi	per
prido korsn	per
m. woimann	per
jaak mälton	per
tomas taberland	per
jaan lodjak	per
neppo johanni	per
wasili bubnow	per
tõnis soiewa	per
jaan landman	per
peter jauga	per
mari wastalo	per
hans rick,	per
peeter jaanusson	per
mik nappthal	per
josep wahher	per
hindrik pant	per
johannes lebedewi	per
kay mührsepp	per
tohwer ilwes	per
mart jäänmer	per
aan Kawwal	PER
aleksander koppiil	per
jaan nemwaltsi	per
jaan paas	per
tönnis wilt	per
wallawannnemb	PER
adam sallu	per
leno takko	per
kadri mäll	per
mart uuritsa	per
juhan jürjew	per
karl pihor	per
anno achtmann	per
jaan kokk	per
mart kuk	per
ann jaansoon	per
hans mikkof	per
karel rosenpärk	per
josep jagomann	per
jaan leppik	per
mihailo efimowi	per
kai puk	per
enn	per
mart messi	per
j. sinibergi	per
pobbol lümmati	per
lena kukk andrese lesk	per
peter linnasse	per
jaan liidowasar	per
jaan kiislale	per
kondratij semenow	per
pais rits	per
hans jürgenson	per
joosep madisson	per
willem polus	per
johan kõõrw	per
kusta seeba	per
hans reisberg	per
katha welsker	per
hinrek risikambi	per
ado tenus	per
jaan rätsep	per
jüri mänd	per
mihkel saks	per
lena	per
baron taube	per
karl saar	per
michel puistaja	per
marja wassiljewna	per
johan tälli	per
madli pauls	per
jaan toomik	per
abram rattasep	per
johan kroon	per
jaan arjasep	per
daniel glasmann	per
kai nikwelt	per
jurri walt	per
hans jaani poeg wentsel	per
kristjan saarwa	per
märt tamming	per
tomal	per
jaak tähnas	per
j neyman	per
josep mihkli p. lagerist	per
adu kisar	per
jaan kook, kaarli poeg	per
michel raudik	per
tiit reinkubjas	per
hans kanna	per
hans lauk	per
adam sikut	per
hindrik puksand	per
hans järw	per
hans ruddi	per
agafja saweljewna	per
puiga jakob	per
hindrek wilosius	per
ado ounmani naene marri	per
peeter juust	per
toomas wäli	per
jakob saul	per
jaan keerdt	per
jaan hiop	per
jakob joonas	per
hindrik tooms	per
maidle fulkan	per
jürri sotemä	per
märt nirk	per
jaan anderson	per
anna kiutrand	per
andso mardi lesk liso	per
tomas ukohhe	per
jaak pertma	per
jürri stein	per
jaan kritt	per
jaan kotta	per
andres lepp	per
vallavanem	per
jacob nõmmek	per
juhan käis	per
arike	loc
jaan paulus	per
maddis sõbber	per
kusta edro	per
johan mäggi	per
josep tilgand	per
kristjan nutti	per
kustaw rämmän	per
maddis mölder	per
matrena petrowna	per
peter hawwakatz	per
kristjan anderson	per
juhan nilbe	per
ann linder	per
jaak petersohn	per
andres laur tio lempikt	per
ann sooper	per
peter urtson	per
karel luhha	per
tõnno harden	per
jaan endreksoni	per
kotta wössmann	per
elias ilwes	per
joh. peterson	per
jakob kõljalg	per
kristjan semmel	per
jürri pangameggi	per
jürri müür	per
pawel saharow smirnow	per
kaupmees anikow	per
tomas ichla	per
jaan waltson	per
samo simpka	per
d. thom	per
jaan kluust	per
johan paets	per
mihkel küdson	per
mart olesk jaani poeg	per
andrus welwal	per
kucke karl	per
poppi hanso	per
kädwa	loc
hans kipp	per
jüri kwell	per
jaan aun juhani poeg	per
hendrik laugasson	per
jakow golubow	per
ewa hödeman	per
karl raukas	per
jaan naarise	per
ingel adamson	per
mahle	per
willem pabuta	per
adu piller	per
marri wunck	per
gustav friedrich tarrask	per
mihkel ennu p. koks	per
peter makerjew	per
johan lindgren	per
jaan thomi	per
jaak sillaotsa	per
jaan kangro	per
michel pihho	per
liisu wasserman	per
fadei charlamow	per
hans hansu romberg	per
tõno laurson	per
jakob niesman	per
kraf von rebinder	per
märt tanile	per
m.jäämer	per
salutaguse wallast	per
jaak nerjussow	per
raudseppa	loc
liso pärn	per
petr taniilov tees	per
mart reimets	per
mart laan	per
adam adamsoni	per
jaan klaos	per
hain meiuse	per
tomas aab	per
peeter kütt	per
kustas otsa	per
sauka jürri püss	per
georg baron rausch v. trauberberg	per
mart dreimann	per
ann meier	per
jürri jürgenson	per
julie ja helene baronesside pilar v. pilchaude	per
tõnno	per
gustaw kissand	per
juhhan pohlak	per
hans jürjenson	per
johannes pekko	per
gustav wälja	per
metsaherra dachsel	per
petter wannik	per
jürri ludwi	per
kusta mihkelsoni	per
mihkel kändel	per
hindrik baturin	per
kristine watson	per
tina teller	per
adu kaarli	per
mihkel andruse p. toompuult	per
marfa saweljewna	per
andso tomas	per
pedu mettus	per
mihkel adu p tamses	per
peter peterson	per
andrus napp	per
jaan orraw	per
tawet porss	per
iwaski jaani	per
hans kowal	per
tomas eggel	per
hans endeberg	per
peter kool	per
steffen	per
jaan purrik	per
jaan lauringson	per
jaan ado poeg assori	per
warrese dawit	per
tomas pärnn	per
kristjan wikmann	per
liis naggel	per
jaan hern	per
kristian thulwerk	per
tönnis massing	per
gerhard von sivers	per
jaan kokka,	per
hindrik kure	per
taniel tens	per
mart kruse	per
toomas adu p. tõnsau	per
toomas trepp	per
jakob sik	per
daniel otsing	per
andres habakuk karli poeg	per
leonti siderowi	per
marri moorselt	per
mart kustasov tensberg	per
märt udde	per
jakub johansohn	per
laas kerneri	per
rein lopa	per
madise naene tio hirt	per
prokopii pusanow	per
lars alström	per
hans ladermann	per
jürri õunn	per
karl paurson	per
hindriki Johann	PER
mart truus	per
johan kalda	per
anno errabard	per
gusta oinask	per
marri miring	per
jaan rebane	per
toomas peets	per
m.eiohtaliga	per
lättinömme hants	per
roma	loc
juhan nakström	per
tõrrepõhja jagupi	per
peter terrowerre	per
j rusnek	per
räisa mihkel lewertand	per
mihkel ussima	per
rein pabusk	per
loigo jaak	per
jaan ja hans erin	per
madli harrakas	per
mihkel tammu	per
hindrik tork	per
indrik löiw	per
sofron boltow	per
juhan karsna	per
isak toming	per
mai pilt	per
juhan lindwesti	per
mats kerdi	per
pilla jaak	per
kaarel reinu poeg reinkordt	per
jakob koor	per
peter tarkind	per
karl kooskor	per
ado endrikson	per
peter linnas	per
tomas parn	per
juhan treuhold	per
lars hanson gerenström	per
jüri punnius	per
wanna urge madli	per
jüri kleesmann	per
madli hindriks	per
hans newa	per
johan rammu	per
jakob tiit	per
juhan prööm	per
hendrek hendrekson	per
hans lassel	per
karl otto p. johannson	per
mart lauri	per
trifon semenow rõibakow	per
mart soomann	per
fr. mande	per
adu wundermann	per
gustaw eper	per
liesu maiste	per
roddima jakobi	per
miku maunus krasmus	per
anna sohwie pikkenberg	per
johan aripmann	per
lori jaak kondas	per
andre semen	per
mihkel asberg	per
katli waglakes	per
peeter sommberg	per
adam lummi	per
johan åkerros	per
ann reinu t. mikkow	per
kustas wiikmann	per
marri usima	per
marri nupp	per
adam otzmann	per
marri reinomaggi	per
mai windt	per
mähle	per
andres käsper	per
tawi karits	per
j. anderson	per
johan hammerman	per
jürri putk	per
gustaw nukka	per
jakop kollaus	per
mart jäämer	per
kristjan kutsar	per
alexei pikkur	per
ann pulli	per
widrik johannson	per
lavrentii lundkvist	per
jaan thal	per
peeter meiusi	per
mihkel sokaldus	per
liis sulp	per
madis tooma poeg pihlak	per
gotlieb hansingi	per
kota hansing	per
karel paio josepi	per
maddise jürri	per
jüri sooberg	per
anna sohwina pikkerpärh	per
hindrik lindau	per
kustas jaani p. põder	per
mõisawallitseja	per
jaan moldre	per
andre kõiw	per
johan rolland	per
juhan luck	per
jaan parmak	per
jaan õunapu	per
jakob wahtra	per
orrikas peter	per
fedor iwanow karelin	per
jüri usmats	per
tõnnu täht	per
tomas kallo	per
juhan palts	per
lutzo jurrij	per
jüri jaani p. erenwert	per
nikolai stepanow	per
jaan staub	per
jahn hendrihsohnile	per
tomas prowel	per
jaan willak	per
szryk	per
karl reier	per
tõnu johannsohn	per
mari siimen	per
sawa jaan tenn	per
jula kuulbach	per
august neinmeister	per
päirt teär	per
ano jürri tüttar luuk	per
miina kittus	per
andres pärn jürri poeg	per
juhan lenzius	per
hans jõgi	per
jaan hansu p. reinkort	per
kokka jaan	per
matz selberg	per
markus wassar	per
tawed kuu	per
dachseli	per
pukka märdi	per
margus wassar	per
janil	per
jakob wärw	per
ado mesbak	per
miina nõges	per
jaakob iis	per
jaan kallaiis maddise poeg	per
jaan madise p. madisson	per
1	PER
jürri jürri poeg lintrop	per
karl tõnnis	per
hans porman	per
mardij christjan	per
madis mathiesen	per
jurry	per
margus ostra	per
fridrich grube	per
kukke tönnis	per
jaak kaup	per
hans kokkow	per
sohrõdr	per
karl stahlberg	per
jehorka saharow tumonov	per
nagla jaan johannsoni	per
jaan ramp	per
sawikoa	loc
juhan juhansoon	per
josep wilipson	per
mees Jürri Nautras	PER
karel kruup	per
rein pennig	per
hindrik settermann	per
writz wiand	per
jaan lunden	per
jaan messi	per
andre holzi	per
johannes lattik	per
jakob awakiwwi	per
ann blum	per
jaen moondo	per
ann nöinberg	per
jüri abrok	per
thomas alström	per
jaan sottnik	per
saweli andrejew portnow	per
ottu bauer	per
liis rodima	per
jaak kuusiku	per
peep pintson	per
otto neufeldt	per
karl jõesuu	per
mina kask	per
mai gram	per
jürri preiberg	per
maddis nikolai	per
päern siwart	per
tõnis friedrihson	per
juhan uman	per
kristjan tang	per
jürry wiik	per
juhan menn	per
ann thamm	per
joosep nepsiga	per
jaan andresson	per
piidu tänaw	per
tomas trässa	per
juhan päll	per
hindrek tollmann	per
august abel	per
ane kusma	per
miina toom	per
hans tönts	per
gustaw glassenohw	per
adam true	per
jaan simmuland	per
tau will	per
jaan ani	per
mart allew	per
juhan täll	per
anno errapart	per
jaan andersohn	per
jurri kütmann	per
gusta jeng	per
karl allikiwi	per
maddis raassman	per
allatskiwwi	per
hindrik tobrow	per
hindrik pap	per
toomas kolk	per
madli männart	per
mari kokk	per
loosu endrik lätte	per
trofim ostoschenkow	per
e. mihkelson	per
kustaw uukiwi	per
mart loikow	per
anno maddisson	per
ano	per
andri oper	per
gusta wohlstein	per
karl rautsik	per
leon	MISC
jakop raudsep	per
ludwi johhanson	per
johann nestor	per
hindrik kleinschmidt	per
jürri süsberg	per
karel klaas mihkli poeg	per
adam isop	per
josep jusari	per
trofim mihailow tschernow	per
jaan sawik	per
jaak weisberg	per
jürri niemeiste	per
jaan errabard	per
jaan reder	per
thomas madde	per
rein osberg	per
soon	loc
peter sternfeldt	per
kustaw kroon	per
jaan kiisla	per
parro	per
jakop kask	per
juhhan tamiloh	per
jakob adoson	per
tönnis pebergk	per
tuter	per
hahlqwist	per
sauga niida	per
gustaw edro,	per
krahw von rehbinder	per
hans awik	per
andres	per
mart ulla	per
jüri karuauk	per
hans rooster	per
tedremäe koha	loc
weresu juhan heilmann	per
josep ernits	per
kai kakkasom	per
andre pil	per
jaan rütmann	per
karl märtsin	per
peter tislar	per
ann nurk	per
kustaw eber	per
hans kielman	per
roijo mölder	per
gustav messner	per
jüri kado	per
nikita aleksejew kroch	per
rein soinist	per
beren rotti	per
peep zupsberg	per
aleksander kirilli p reiber	per
mihkel ostra	per
leno prauer	per
hendrik kurre	per
aksi premet	per
jaan lillu	per
anders bromann	per
hans parkel	per
jüri purlask	per
kusta sorga	per
peter tamm	per
juhhan auster	per
willem roomus	per
madis andresen	per
s	MISC
sushka tobowitsa steader	per
jaan terriks	per
jaan deinjas	per
hans pent	per
elias kubja +	per
maddis kaddak	per
widrik abenik	per
jakub wända	per
kusta seppa	per
juri raadik	per
frits waldmann	per
ann reinu enne solba	per
juhan his	per
melter	per
tõnno köömberg	per
kirill joanni p. lille	per
kusta ramat marti poeg	per
sohwi parwej	per
andrus kailep	per
peter tuus	per
pawel silm madli poeg	per
jürri tarreste	per
jaan wanaweski	per
tõnu kirnman	per
ewa	per
jürri sampu	per
steffan	per
jaan tõnnison	per
jakob krong	per
priidik erwin	per
mihkel uudewalt	per
jaak koss	per
liso pool	per
tiets allikof	per
thomas kleidung	per
peter sep	per
luka wasiljew lebedew	per
kristian timmermann	per
karel t	per
jaan tomik josepi p	per
ann langebraun	per
jürri naukas	per
jürri õiglast	per
akulinne Lewonti	PER
märdimatzi jürri	per
mari lõiw	per
mihkel rap	per
von Hanke	PER
jaan nömm	per
johan ots	per
jegor fedorow kekichew	per
mihkel seileri	per
abram saar	per
joalgusest	misc
karl robert	per
hindrik tislar	per
j. tõnts	per
jaan koppel toma poeg	per
jaan rahha	per
esko	per
jürri punnius	per
kusto plunkwist	per
mikita alexejew kroch	per
joosep saarwa	per
andrus sooper	per
künnapi joseph	per
mari maidlas	per
hindrik nõggus	per
jakop pill	per
marri laurisson	per
annose rein jakobsohni	per
jacob kyrkslätt	per
mart	per
juhan weisenwelt	per
hans wirla	per
prido nurgi	per
kadri karro	per
jaan laid	per
karel hawakiww	per
peter warres	per
ado aksel	per
ado brudel	per
juhan ristmägi	per
jaan pamdal	per
tönno karelsohn	per
märt alliku	per
jakob tolmaz	per
mart premer	per
mari welber	per
jaan prowel	per
liis tättest	per
hindrik luude	per
mihkel kurg	per
paulus ollisar	per
johan lodukel	per
arraka hanso	per
jakob nukka	per
peep tamm	per
hindrik rappel	per
jaan kõrw	per
mart kalaus mihkli poeg	per
j.nybergi	per
peter welmann	per
jüri sillaots	per
paap jonasing	per
kusta karu	per
juhhan juhkama	per
rino ralmann	per
hendrik nagel	per
anton semenow	per
tomas midri	per
jaan loik	per
juhan tobre	per
alexandr hagel	per
jürri tõnnise poeg luuk	per
jürri kallaus	per
jack punnison	per
tomas uudekül	per
maddis saar,	per
mihkel soon	per
jaan jaansonil	per
anders westerblom	per
undo semenow	per
andres andresson	per
kõrtsimees Jaan Laane	PER
p. v. maijdel	per
jakub merser	per
jakob tork	per
jaan jaani p. saanberg	per
tiets allikowile	per
o. tarask	per
jaan meistermann	per
ann arna	per
kai tulik	per
märt akkarta	per
anna kiwi	per
jürri kull	per
joosep unuk	per
tönno wiburi	per
aadu luiga	per
allatzkiwwi moisawallitseja	per
tawet eres	per
peter kärtmann	per
kustaw moggom	per
kõwa endrik ronnimois	per
rautsika	per
an mällo	per
a. kurrikoff	per
juhhan kask	per
jaan lauri	per
mik miller	per
karl schmitahl	per
peep erma	per
johannes pihkwa	per
jürri kalla	per
mihkel kinisep	per
andre jason	per
an laar	per
jaan kollo	per
karl eck	per
prits tomingas	per
mihkel kristjani p peterson	per
jacob niggult	per
peter zakkarjas	per
dandorf	per
josep sepp	per
theffandi	loc
jaan blum	per
hinrek wullo	per
hans ja jüri erin	per
nikiferowi	per
jürri õunapu	per
kristjan kressom	per
mart prouer	per
juhan meinarti	per
jaan kusma	per
aakre mv	per
kaarli aljak	per
adam puss	per
an	per
peter weanes	per
hans konsew j	per
jüri tamm	per
karel traugott	per
hans lill	per
marri mollok	per
mart jallaks	per
juhan taniel	per
jaako jerwe	per
aadu naatuse	per
tõnno otrats	per
jaan rämman	per
josep rooman	per
tõnnis tru	per
hallikaniidi käsper krusenberg	per
otto müirsep	per
mai walli	per
hendrik semmeli	per
kusta mak	per
hans pedosk	per
daksel	per
marre pilt	per
samo tikk	per
priido tänawa	per
wassili kringon	per
peep zern	per
tonnis palzer	per
magnus elmi	per
peeter matsoni	per
mihkel koristel	per
reinolt tamm	per
rudi tönnis	per
juhhan klapper	per
kustaw lätt	per
mart andresson	per
michel unt	per
kustas lai	per
weike karreda	per
jürri lindenwald	per
mart hamer juhani poeg	per
metsaüllewataja Strudell.	PER
tomas lind	per
kukka kai	per
m.g.annikov	per
hendrik tätte	per
c.brown	per
jaan pedoksar	per
lorrenz waltat	per
jürrij kieka	per
tönno matwei	per
gottlib karotsing	per
jaan kul	per
alexander wohlstein	per
peter saul	per
willem arbo	per
jaan pazi	per
siim wanaseljalt	per
johann meus	per
gustav tobiasse	per
hinrek kukman	per
kristi watsu	per
juhhan tacking	per
johan mägi	per
adam otti	per
josep bringfeld	per
jürri orras	per
andres pihkwa	per
tõnno täht	per
peter metsa	per
saia jani	per
jaan tõnu p.kruus	per
kusta nagel	per
peter kulp	per
hindrik saawa	per
luttika juhhan	per
märt org	per
josep must	per
jürri pärn	per
ans laidus	per
jaan kirisberg	per
kai pikajagu	per
miina poso	per
jakob pergalbau	per
ilji potahova	per
mart wärtmann mihkel sengbusch	per
silms mois	per
an wilberg	per
pridik kerpman	per
jaan nurtman	per
ann waldami	per
jakob matsin	per
gentz	per
hans kreisberg	per
jüri tiideberg	per
karpa nikitina	per
mart jürienson	per
ewa mikbau	per
retzniko	loc
maddis walli	per
tartu iii. kihelkonnakohtu	per
prido kurriso	per
vidrik wääri	per
märt luht	per
p mahtel	per
reino mihkel	per
jurri	per
hans tõnisberg	per
tõnno horden	per
ewa nuppo	per
jahn tam	per
ann blumfeldt	per
tõnu umbergi	per
antoni kööts	per
mari saag	per
sussi jaan	per
hans liiwak	per
sophie saar	per
jurri kluust	per
jüri mihkli p. riimann	per
j rusnak	per
karel mardi p. reinumägi	per
jaan urbanik	per
joosep mauring	per
jaan kuusike	per
kritjan teppaskindiga	per
johan kutsar	per
priidik walk	per
mihkel mohr	per
k. borkwell	per
otto kubbarsepp	per
tanni jula	per
leena jõnson	per
jürri silmanni	per
andrus wäljas	per
maddis innosaar	per
jürri iwask	per
juhhan wärrawas	per
ado ummelas	per
hans kraft	per
ann pihkwa	per
peter leppindi	per
karel koppel	per
juhan bosenberg	per
anna mihail	per
junkur jaan jõggis	per
tellissaare hans	per
stepan jakowlew	per
peter weiger	per
m. ruth	per
otto rosenweld	per
jaan paagutaja	per
tomas jallak	per
jaan krabi	per
mari passelmann	per
hindrik makke	per
jakub taman	per
kaddaka	per
jaan lepson	per
andrus jaagu p. eik	per
ernst pent	per
johan ehrlich	per
abram anssohn	per
märdi a. peter	per
perdi	per
marri sarrap	per
andrei seidorow kulakow	per
hindrik todinguka	per
siim paap	per
karel kullerkupp	per
jürri rosenber	per
juhan padar	per
tonnis massingi	per
jüri aunapuu	per
kristjan trumpp	per
jakop leben	per
maria waldprit	per
laur kileam	per
jaan winter	per
jüri jakobi poeg erlih	per
kurrewarrese	loc
jakob lepmann	per
peter jäger	per
pridik torri	per
thomas lätti	per
peter mokko	per
johan hansen	per
hans jaani poja ritso	per
radiko	per
an pitsner	per
mihkel torri	per
alexander tobrask	per
kustu juhhan	per
marri luhhaweer	per
juhan eisdrat	per
liso romand	per
trigi	per
jekim tihomirow	per
jakob jaanson	per
johhan kiil	per
jakob joseph	per
jacob waltmanni	per
kusta limmak	per
liis juhkam	per
tõnis tõnise p. hansschmidt	per
waldmann	per
kristjan ehrli	per
tönno mürk	per
katarina jernström	per
aadu wundermann	per
jurri niggult	per
prigoshinide	per
räbbi jaak	per
markus klausi	per
ann oljo	per
jaan andrese poeg rass	per
mihkel läk	per
esko michel	per
karel mesipuu	per
soo otsa ado	per
anders sjöström	per
kaerik korwits	per
johann ibis	per
tina mülberg	per
k. gutmann	per
kaarna peter	per
jaen kapp	per
mart korsile	per
jürri wälli	per
johann nooska	per
jakop pedoksaar	per
miina kleinberg	per
johann roos	per
aleksander plauet	per
jakob pagguma	per
simon tolmats	per
c. brown	per
kursi mihkel	per
mart lille	per
peep klaos	per
peter griggul	per
gustav kukk	per
mikk sonnatar	per
jürri walkenklaus,	per
kersti lehtma	per
jakow gamsin	per
peter reitdorff	per
p. kripson	per
jaan risikambi	per
peter pill	per
aleksander hansu p. sawisaar	per
karel nömm	per
josep lind	per
kaarna hans jants	per
kija jaan	per
jaak johanson	per
karl kurs	per
mari michelsonile	per
aleksei dolgaschew	per
tio reibas	per
kooli wannem Tõnnis Soiewa	PER
daniel jürgenson	per
kustaw annija	per
juhhan tõrruwerre	per
jakop arenz	per
hans õunapu	per
jurri mark	per
mugra jaan	per
tomas kiwwi	per
johann purkart	per
jürna	per
marri köllerile	per
jaan eichelmann	per
peeter pikk	per
mare elmi	per
nicolai korbi	per
hindrik kutsar	per
karli arnu	per
kersti lechtma	per
mihkel walder	per
mikk rebase	per
wildi	loc
kaarel parwei	per
peeter ahi	per
juri altman	per
jaen tidus	per
hindrik lintsi	per
krista treiali	per
simon luddi	per
jakob puumeister peetri poeg	per
daniel glasman	per
aado	per
hans kepp	per
peeter saart	per
jürri leo	per
bernhard von mindingi	per
jakob muld	per
johann hansu poeg juhkamson	per
jaan sillaots	per
hans jüri p. koik	per
märt bringwelt	per
aleksander ollisaar pauluse poeg	per
jüri	per
jaan sunison	per
hants hörden	per
märt kangro	per
anni	per
jaan kukk	per
madli laagriküll	per
mihkel weinberg	per
arrand bloom	per
ingel mihkli lesk wäert,	per
juhan sarapuu	per
karel puksow	per
fedor perikow	per
peter leil	per
mart jaggo	per
jakob org	per
lina	per
jakob primann	per
marri subba	per
kusta märtin	per
wihula mõisa	per
johann kiil	per
simmuli jakob	per
jaan laar	per
jaan karisa	per
tõnno janilind	per
josep tenno	per
johan pettai	per
ado negfeldt	per
jakob kallas paawlipoeg	per
jaan tennokese	per
sohwi wohlstein	per
peeter pehk	per
b mochrenschild	per
jaak abroi	per
jaan jagomäe	per
toomas jüri p. käsper	per
karl tubli	per
jaan kämber	per
joosep joonasingile	per
jürri priks	per
jaan eichenfeldt	per
jakob ja juhan aripmann	per
lena oja	per
zea	loc
endrik pung	per
jaaka lobba	per
von Lilienfeld	PER
jüri juhani poeg milder	per
jürri plank	per
jaan pott	per
pussi hendrek	per
johann notapera	per
jaan leps	per
hans tönnossohn	per
liina kodowand	per
jakow golubew	per
osip wassiljew	per
karel tikkas	per
johan moks	per
hans rekand	per
üri Hansu p. Luige	PER
ann kleesman	per
kutsari	loc
jaan sonist	per
jüri wauman	per
m silmann	per
josep polakese	per
prits wunder	per
jüri jaanson	per
julius paulson	per
andrus raima	per
aleksei rummel	per
mall nuja	per
salelan mardi naene	per
jüri borrmann	per
p.a.sivers	per
jaan jaani poeg hendrikson	per
jaan kõks	per
josep nahkur	per
peter kol	per
konon maksimow mascharow	per
karl rossi	per
jaan uhlema	per
karl pärsikiwwi	per
jaan tiismann	per
jaan härm	per
iwan philippow	per
g. buch	per
jaan petri poeg jaanson	per
markus hallik	per
polakese johani	per
mai joost	per
michel härm	per
jaan pung	per
ann aalael	per
liso uhekson	per
jürri kasik	per
jaan jants.	per
liis wilson	per
jaan töns	per
karel raija	per
juhan kurist	per
hans krusert	per
mert tönnisson	per
leena zubas	per
kaarli hannus	per
eugen adamson	per
m. treiberk	per
johan muuga	per
michel kert	per
jakob tirrul	per
mina hallik	per
walder	per
johann tammur	per
jürri soper	per
trutu pillisaar	per
mina eisenberg	per
p. v. maijdell	per
aleksander juselberg	per
josep jürgenson	per
hans puumann	per
otto iwanowitz	per
jaan märtinson	per
peeter mikku poeg nagel	per
simmo ninn	per
jakob lindeman	per
andri ülke	per
jaak adamson	per
jakob tolmas	per
jürri nahkmann	per
tõnis riesenberg	per
pedo kutzar	per
aleksei kann	per
andres pärn jüri poeg	per
an rosa	per
jaan kübar	per
kittaski kaarli jürri	per
oh. Aripmannn	PER
saia jaan hendreksohn	per
gottlip andresson	per
kusta hannow	per
johann lindemann	per
johann heidson	per
juhhan reinwalt	per
ehmanni	per
hinrek bomm	per
johan willemson	per
j. kopti	per
peeter moks	per
karel silmanni poijad	per
hanso matt	per
jürri mitter	per
liso kopp	per
jürri utzall	per
hans jürrisson	per
dawid krusmann	per
jaan rätsepa	per
jürri mik	per
jaan hamburg	per
laimjala	loc
stepan nitsikow	per
jaak grünberg	per
tiina kägu	per
sawikoa jakobi	per
jaan plauet	per
hans akel	per
otsa jaan kooskor	per
juhhan polma	per
i. potahof	per
mart pajo	per
hans kepp, ado niemeister	per
jaan wibur	per
josep putk jüri poeg	per
mart jääme	per
fedor jakowlew baranin	per
johann erg	per
jüri einamann	per
timogei pawlow	per
kusta naggel	per
nekrut	per
jaan karing	per
jüri urm	per
jaan reimets	per
johann leppiko	per
josep krohw	per
kristjan karp	per
jaan weimanni	per
peter lego	per
fritz grossi	per
pärnat atelsohn	per
tõnu kleesmann	per
tawet  kuu	per
jürri auna	per
adam rosenstrauh	per
thomas ewartsohn	per
johan klause	per
jürri blumbaum	per
hans mühlmann	per
liiske widrik liiskmann	per
mihkel kitzberg	per
peter semen	per
laur wända	per
kersna naggel	per
karl neiman	per
mairt puu	per
jaan gutman	per
anna kewend (jutras)	per
jaan lambarti	per
eidemund ballberg	per
jaan lipson	per
th.piikiga	per
jaan arsis	per
mihkel nöör	per
annus waddi	per
joosep wabian	per
mihkel sabre	per
jakob piirbergil	per
allatskiwwi moisawallitsus	per
peter pranz	per
eegile	per
beren	per
jürri mark	per
marri naggel	per
hans paerman	per
kusta sawwastwerre	per
w. von bagdziewicz	per
jürri walkenklau jürri silwester jürri usler.	per
iwan scherbakow	per
mikka hamkow	per
jurrj allik	per
k. böttcher,	per
wändra	per
lena allik	per
peeb kroon	per
anna allikas	per
jüri niinepu	per
mari plumm	per
mihkel mikson	per
wennelanne Alexei Makarow Morosow	PER
jaan zakkan	per
jürjenson	per
joh. köhn	per
peeb põdde	per
liisu pärnits	per
mart pulberth	per
hans sekso	per
joosep sõukandi	per
jaan wasil	per
jürri raud	per
georgi sahari p weller	per
karel kirschbaum	per
umba perdi	per
jaan nömmwalvalz	per
karoline aberg	per
johan tomson	per
reino jürri	per
karel milter	per
peter iir	per
karel brinfelt	per
mõisav.	per
adam pender	per
kaup	per
marri brasmann	per
m. usar	per
kusta habakuk karli poeg	per
peter tamme	per
jako abram	per
attla	per
daniel wisk	per
maits und	per
ann traksi	per
toomas wanaselja	per
aadu wesingi	per
mihkel talp	per
m.kebuse	per
karl lehmann	per
johan korrock	per
jakob hindowiga	per
jaan nugin	per
karl kerner	per
andrus koppel	per
piiri jaak	per
liisa mutso	per
juhan järwetsoni	per
jaan lintsi	per
peter häidson	per
hindrik tiirson	per
rein nurmann	per
juhhan meos	per
heinrich jesser	per
peeter jaani p. pats	per
juhan tall	per
jaak ujuk	per
hain henno	per
mihkel körwel	per
o. spranger	per
ewa tasso	per
jaan thalfeldt	per
wall	per
peeter piilberg pärdi poeg	per
jürri kärthner	per
hindrik wall	per
hans wunder	per
hindrik engblum	per
jaan ermann	per
mihkel rõõmus	per
josep willa	per
anders engström	per
tiit stepanow kurillow	per
tenno adam ahhi	per
jaak tamm	per
an rehhepap	per
josep sääli	per
ann walt	per
iwan trofimow	per
päirt küit	per
jurri jallak	per
jaan listang	per
tawet ku	per
schilling	per
widrik rattik	per
mart einbaumisd	per
jaan jüri p. eerik	per
jaan weldt	per
ain lilles	per
m.eichtaliga	per
mihkel roosi	per
jaan tombak	per
mart prausen	per
johan wunder	per
jüri järlow	per
peter kirjutson	per
b mochrenschildt	per
andres messi	per
jüri klaossen	per
pobbol toppitud ado	per
jüri sildniku	per
peter sepp	per
m	per
a. kakobson	per
juhan raba	per
john wenzeli	per
jürri kanik	per
johan jänes	per
juhhan tehwani	per
jaak pun	per
jaan uibo	per
peeter tinno	per
jago	per
jüri miller	per
adam rossenstrauch	per
tõnno lep	per
tõnis siimann	per
jüri lendoki	per
jakob true	per
otto task	per
mart rosimae	per
märt	per
kondrat iwanowi	per
mall kondas	per
tomas tindi	per
juhhan abeli	per
jakob rätseppale	per
johan laar	per
jürri haimer	per
mihkel wossman	per
toomika willem odenbergi	per
juhhan pöld	per
jürri paas	per
indrik lessing	per
jagup kusow	per
hans laukusele	per
liso ots	per
ann keapa	per
tälli johan	per
jacob reinberg	per
juhann krusert	per
jermolai silin	per
an nisso	per
tõnno landmann	per
jüri goldberg	per
mart selge	per
johanes messner	per
jakop sõbber	per
mihkel tana	per
liis tälli	per
jako jahn	per
mihkle poltan	per
moisa herra	per
saxby	per
michel ruus	per
mart pusep	per
jaan kuppar	per
ernits kruuse	per
daniel kristowingk	per
nasar fomin kajalin	per
hans lewusk	per
joosep räämeti	per
hans koppel	per
gustaw unsen	per
lisa tamm	per
andrus andrusse p. säär,	per
juhkama karel	per
juhhan saarman	per
truta anton	per
jaan peterson	per
hans pöltsman	per
jaan kurg	per
gottlieb punnisson	per
wrangel	per
jakob adams	per
jago jaani	loc
johan rebasele	per
bekker gustaw paulus	per
jakob oks'al	per
titus ots	per
juhan mahumend	per
ann paero	per
anton hansohn	per
karel wolmer	per
hants kaussi	per
kõrtsmik Karl Baumann	PER
jaan hawel	per
jaan lambasaar	per
juhhan ounapu	per
mihkel silmann	per
joosepp mauring	per
johann teras	per
albri	loc
aan Säkna	PER
paap noorhanni	per
kustas kingsep	per
mart unt	per
jõgewa jürri pois johann	per
pedu obrandi	per
josep kusik	per
jaan birnbaum	per
willem kapteini	per
aniwali	misc
hans rosenberg	per
mart jürrienson	per
h	per
feodor piip	per
karel täger	per
jaan kasan	per
jaen kusik	per
jaaku	per
tohma abram	per
dmitri kitow	per
mihkel kallew	per
anna neinberg	per
jaan miller	per
hans weeberg	per
lars liljeros	per
pedi aini peter pedan	per
mikita below	per
paap kesselmann	per
peter kiwwi	per
jakub nõm	per
josep joonasing	per
aleksander tudeberg	per
tommas ulman	per
jüri leinberg	per
thomas lindgren	per
jakob waddi, indriku	per
ants sabalsoni	per
tomson	per
jaan nemwalts	per
wassilissa dmitriewa	per
jakob trummal	per
jacob wahher	per
marri jallak	per
jaan jürri poeg reemann	per
kants kallas	per
kersna erik	per
ossip wassiljew	per
johan klausson	per
maddis awik	per
karel kook	per
jaan tõrruwerre	per
maddis mattisen	per
willem soots	per
mik naptal	per
ado nagel	per
juhhan löppe	per
jürri tõnso	per
jaan silla	per
wassili gamsin	per
aadu luig	per
jaan wigel	per
johan pender	per
märt nõmm	per
baron pilar	per
jakob hollo	per
josep roots	per
aleksei kan	per
mihkel kalmet	per
josep eper j	per
karl keir	per
adam kurik	per
abrit	per
karl zirk	per
jaan kerge	per
jakob int	per
madis karro	per
josep krupp	per
kreet lugus	per
marri kilk	per
pridik klettau	per
johann tedre	per
a.lindström	per
leenu hamer	per
watza jaan	per
kristjan klener	per
jaan uint	per
august küll	per
hans michelson	per
juhann traggon	per
karl dewit	per
hans hanso p.	per
jürri pillmann	per
ewa wattmann	per
johan kutzari	per
hindrik kooskord	per
o. steffer	per
agneta bekmann	per
juhan suursild	per
rein hansu p. kredeman	per
carl karlson	per
mart waino jaani poeg	per
sikka johan	per
liis kask	per
tido tõnno	per
niigulas niiman	per
mart brideman	per
jaan ruben	per
peter prins	per
jaan pärn josepi poeg	per
eylandsi	per
lowiise tooma t. benjamin, sünd. klooren	per
karl eitea	per
mats pitter	per
ado kustase p. kuulberg	per
hiob parman	per
willem ott	per
jakob parson	per
jürri wenno	per
hans rikande	per
jaan müilmann	per
mart weinglas	per
peter sulsenberg	per
jaan siiwart	per
jaan mutsu	per
josep parmak	per
liis mutso	per
ann triksberg	per
wladimir koppel	per
ustina tihanowna	per
tönnis tönnisson	per
juhan koobold	per
pridik reisel	per
kai bach	per
abram kusiku	per
kisamäe josep	per
jakob sõukand	per
jüri huint	per
peter ellerberg	per
karl silling	per
jaan prommisen	per
josep otsa toma poeg	per
mart eller	per
rätsepp juut wulff scheermann	per
jaan pudel	per
ann lausi	per
hindrik kripsi	per
alexander eisenschmidti	per
märt kurvits	per
karel andresson	per
p.luts	per
dawid suija	per
hans kossas	per
jaan kärik	per
gustav tobias	per
kusta otza	per
mihkel ando	per
peidrico	loc
adam tellmann	per
jaan konts	per
pedo karnas	per
ludwig laigar	per
aleksander ennemuist	per
liiso	misc
ano loosberg	per
josep mägi	per
joosep raudsep	per
parro	loc
saarman	per
jürri reinwald	per
hindrik poka	per
miina tsirna	per
metker	per
johan labbone	per
jaan asa	per
peter reimann	per
jürri seeder	per
märt kuro	per
piri jakob	per
hans jants	per
josep frey	per
jaan inselberg	per
jakob hiobi	per
wana hansu	per
maitz pertma	per
marri jurisohn	per
mihkel kumm	per
andres raja	per
mihkel kask jakobi poeg	per
ohaw Terna	PER
peter reiman	per
tani isak	per
tomas saar	per
maddis kallas	per
jaan tik	per
jüri pullberg	per
awdotja abramowa pulsanowa	per
thomas lindgreni	per
josep ambos	per
jaan kruse	per
jaan sosõrw	per
jaan kolberg	per
m. heinmann	per
jaan kaddakas	per
juhhan leetbergi	per
jaan eichbaum	per
liis kont	per
hans sawwi tüttär marri	per
hans leppik	per
juhan aron	per
leno hergauk	per
kulla	misc
ado mälton	per
hans raggul	per
johan lentsius	per
juhan masikas	per
peter rauba	per
kustas päärson	per
märt wähkmann	per
anders bergström	per
j. aren	per
karel kää	per
ewa erik	per
josep moori	per
kristjan wirk	per
anno utzall	per
jaan sildnik	per
kottlib anderson	per
mihkel kaunissar	per
an kraft	per
joann remmert	per
peep saarepuu	per
johann pannij	per
jaan kossas	per
otto kliimask	per
sirge saweljew	per
jaakop ninepu	per
jaan lallu	per
mihkel wigand	per
waddi maddis	per
mihkel wreimann	per
j. küppär	per
maandi jaan nõurus	per
märt lätt	per
märt kurras	per
august neumeister	per
raua	loc
lotta mannas	per
otto adamson	per
peeter bergmann	per
lars petanderi	per
jaan wiikberg	per
peeter odraku	per
nikifor iwanowi	per
ann mäll	per
jaan paukam	per
laur olle	per
jaan suurmets	per
baron pil...	per
juhan engelbrecht	per
miina meltsas	per
juri pusse	per
mats mitt	per
karel usai	per
johan jonas	per
gustav tammik	per
andres taawits	per
jaan puusep	per
andres andressohi	per
jakob kolle	per
jürri lill	per
kristjan heidrits	per
jaak kuint	per
adam isup	per
jaan errapart	per
johann timmo	per
leno	per
mart mänd	per
josep jakobsoni	per
märi kütsoni	per
mihkel nepo	per
jaan ounapuu	per
mari mällo	per
lepiku juhan siska	per
jaan aarna	per
jaan ojale	per
peter ratasep	per
andrei zirk	per
ado mohnson	per
ann mikk	per
juhhan kauson	per
ann marjasar	per
gustaw wahher	per
mart raud	per
karl koima	per
tomas nõmm	per
tõnu mihkli poeg kask	per
jüri jõgi tooma poeg	per
juhan lepland	per
mihkel koppel	per
peter prokofjew	per
peeter somberg	per
gustav kerner	per
els narits	per
juhannes potter	per
hans ehrenwert	per
kustaw waddi	per
jakob peelmann	per
juhhan tönnos	per
hans arrak	per
kristj sarwa	per
karel kirrusk	per
mart sillaots	per
johan petersoon	per
jürri toum	per
willem lindberg	per
peter tofri	per
jakob aripmann	per
friedrich leisiku	per
nicolai korbi	per
tõnu warblase	per
c.v. seidlitz	per
anne padar	per
anna saggana	per
johann anderssohn	per
jürri mihkli p. estenthal	per
jüri utte	per
nagla jaan	per
mart toominga	per
tõnno wahhi	per
iwan rei	per
jüri nikkeri	per
johann must	per
madis silleri	per
luts	per
johhurga	per
marri willmann	per
grünbaum	per
tomas kiikk	per
johannes sein	per
hans wollrad	per
das	PER
an kruunberg	per
jakow mihailow	per
willuse	loc
kotta piirson	per
ann ausmann	per
inreg lang	per
jaan jüri p. urwan	per
hendrikist	per
jürri õun	per
makei mihejew	per
ann andresson	per
jakob tarkind	per
punnapae jaan	per
hans österlin	per
juhan klaossoon	per
johan tellmann	per
a. lukin	per
hendrik kõerw	per
mihei timofei koslow	per
andres will	per
peter kalja	per
manus kask	per
jaan toma p. albert	per
mart wakker	per
sachar iwanow	per
jaan koppel	per
kõrtsmik karl semper	per
kibbo	loc
bertas	per
peeter waabel	per
jacopij hindrek	per
josep sõrmus	per
jacob staalberg	per
peter soo	per
hans flussil	per
jaak lillewälja	per
peep simmulmani	per
kaerik kaeriksohn	per
hindrek simoni	per
hans schmidt	per
juhhan lambasar	per
mai peek	per
widrik wikbarg	per
hans madisse p. hüwa	per
jüri raudsik	per
josep ohwart	per
andre linnas	per
jürri lie	per
mihkel mihkelson	per
mats prandt	per
johan enkwist	per
august zastrowi	per
oto kuusk	per
johannes weinbärg	per
jaan wälja	per
kai saburi	per
mihkel tammik	per
michel joseph	per
madli pärn	per
tõnnis hunt	per
jüri wändrik	per
johan saarwa	per
w.kracht	per
johan soderblom	per
jaen kiks	per
jani prediko	per
wladimir emiljanow	per
jaan oberg	per
paap norhanni	per
hans tinnaberg	per
adam wõso	per
wellem küll	per
kurre	per
jaan haan	per
aleksander tobrusk	per
mihail grigorjew klutschkow	per
josph kotkas	per
karli jakobson	per
willem sepp	per
peeter klaos	per
aleksander kurema	per
juhan mulk	per
tõnis tõnise p. hanschmidt	per
hans hammer	per
jaan muihlenberg	per
gertrud gren	per
hindrik steinwelt	per
anno jürjents	per
michel põld	per
madis püll	per
jani tõno	per
märt saarepera	per
jaan jüri poeg toming	per
carl redlich	per
michel kappel	per
paap jagund	per
matwei ignatjew	per
juhan remmelg	per
hans reinson	per
simon kuik	per
kustas abermann	per
o tarroskelle	per
anna neunberg	per
tönno loot	per
jacob rönnqvist	per
jaan rewel	per
aadam kolk	per
kustas oman	per
jaan käkk	per
toomas	per
ell lepp	per
reppastmäe	loc
niggul niggolas	per
gertruth söderkwist	per
korjuse jappe	per
toomas wiitra	per
johan treial	per
ritson	per
mihkel tootsmann	per
andres traksi	per
kukke karl	per
karel promet	per
jürri aulik	per
mihkel kitsberg	per
janus paets	per
andres oja jaani poeg	per
kai kondas	per
fedor filipow	per
juhan oberpaal	per
matwei bikow	per
juhan tamets	per
ewa müür	per
hans nakusele	per
dementi iwanow lebedew	per
jants jaak	per
endrik pallo	per
jaan tiido	per
jaagub kolding	per
hans rondiku	per
ado mumm	per
johann reinold	per
mart lätt	per
hans leukmann	per
gustaw wikmanson	per
ado kiil	per
pikkajago	loc
madis soomann	per
jaan potsep	per
liis konsen	per
jürri karjama	per
willem embro	per
a.	per
jaan karepi	per
peeter madisson	per
lukerja jakowlewa	per
rummu jagu	per
gotlib hansing	per
hindrik karheäding	per
jürri jud	per
hans jaani p. tarius	per
maddis undt	per
robert	per
willem silman	per
jaan soob	per
aadu simmu poeg wähi	per
hasnu poeg hants hiiman	per
anton wielberg	per
adam karhaid	per
kota mägi	per
juhan maripuu	per
tomas tomingu	per
juhan klaaman	per
mai kask	per
j. j. claus	per
lars lindström	per
märt mägi	per
timofei iwanow warunin	per
kersna hollo	per
jüri alliku	per
mats kohlman	per
j.wabjan	per
kaiu	loc
matz unger	per
jakob ritsberg	per
jakop tumm andresse	per
löewi	per
wirrolasse	loc
mari aitaja	per
peter irbe	per
jaan lepberg	per
jaak seeder	per
juhan jõggew	per
ritz	per
f. von vietinghoff	per
abram arro	per
jaak weinglas	per
jaan pearna p. mingowitz	per
johann kirst	per
peter kuhi	per
auwdotja petrow	per
mart jerw	per
jüri tahe	per
jakob ani	per
hindrik sandre	per
maria rehe	per
karl girbe	per
jaan witkin	per
tomas põldson	per
kuigo mart	per
johan rootslane	per
jaan suurkiwi	per
johann pettaia	per
josep liwak	per
andres grass	per
jüri walkenklau	per
johann kolberg	per
miina melzas	per
karli wälli	per
adu minner	per
juri aak	per
mari sengbusch	per
hanso mall	per
jurri kalm	per
andres sonn	per
willem tõrwand	per
johannes marki	per
peter troni	per
mall miku t. puruk, sünd. peterson	per
ann normann	per
josep koor	per
eoluar rosonbergi	per
jana mardo	per
mart mölder	per
tõnnis kusik	per
andres rekandt	per
karl kirshbaum	per
pridik tunts	per
michel jürrison	per
mihkel pern	per
mats ennil	per
iwan oidekiwi	per
madis tomase p. asa	per
anisim martinow	per
karel kassele	per
karel kaalpärgi	per
jaan tamme	per
allika ado	per
tani jansen	per
kristian berfelt	per
liso raudsepp	per
andruse	loc
madis peeterson	per
an tinnaberg	per
ollij	per
juhan reispass	per
leena kleimann	per
wio pütsep	per
salomötsa	loc
w. tarto	per
jacob raud	per
redik	per
reet lond	per
wompa johann	per
peeter uusmann	per
jaan walge	per
kristian munsk	per
mihail lember	per
piripebo peter piiri	per
kustaw uukareda	per
mari mollok	per
hindrik lind	per
jaan kriu	per
jakob goldbergi	per
mihkel tiits	per
b mohrenschildt	per
jacob karlson	per
jaan orjas	per
iwan iwanow prostatow	per
jüri sippelkennist	per
juhan kurema	per
ahelmann	per
kurrikotti	per
tomas aab	per
andres müür	per
marri reino mäggi	per
aan Andres poeg Rass	PER
adu kandelin	per
kristow kirhäid	per
jürri steppile	per
maddis tamm	per
madis tiitmani	per
jaan künsler	per
jakob raudpuu	per
peter kukeus	per
liso saard	per
juri hendrekson	per
jaan naggel	per
christian karpson	per
j. reemann	per
joosepp mauringi	per
friedo ewert	per
karl toonberg	per
kerla	per
jürri rooben	per
alexei jekimowi	per
hans rehha	per
jürri meinnart	per
sander andring	per
"Jaagu-Hansu"	PER
jakob abrami poeg olm	per
mart ausmees	per
sirga didrik	per
marret piep	per
jürri walkenklaus	per
piri mihkel	per
kustas määr	per
wido narrusk	per
jaan luk	per
kärla kõrtsimehhe	per
johann waldmann	per
jaan kondas	per
abram tark	per
jürri tamm	per
johan innu	per
kai laurison	per
anno wisser	per
maddis õunn	per
peter	per
thomas metzberg	per
johannes jüri p. erenwert	per
jaan muuga	per
matsu juhanes eskeni	per
hans ott	per
iwan miksoon	per
mart supps	per
hans räimthalist	per
jüri birk	per
fritz klaasmann	per
cristjan blagmann	per
ann neunberg	per
kustaw uukiwi	per
mari laan	per
liisa pajo	per
johan kiltre	per
peter reimanni	per
pedu obrand	per
madis wiro	per
hans kondas	per
josep madisson	per
liso laine	per
mai kutsar	per
david hintzer	per
ado kepp	per
karl klaassen	per
mihail nurk	per
nasar fomin	per
ewie ambrosius	per
koggokonna kohtomees andres krass	per
joosep madisoon	per
johan timmant	per
hindrik tootsi	per
kadri silberbach	per
prido lon	per
theodor schultzi ja kadri silma	per
josep hallikas	per
liso reinsohn	per
jaan madise p. madisson	per
michel just	per
tõnis pahk	per
grigorii muchin	per
hans fluss	per
jaan wainu	per
jurrij lind	per
hans waht	per
michel kohl	per
hans nael	per
juhan matson	per
mart kassak	per
hindrek sigurile	per
watza michel	per
adam serell	per
maddis ormus	per
lepp	per
kustas sukkamäe	per
jaak matsin	per
hans wiswik	per
johan luik	per
jüri pressi	per
peet gams	per
tõnis notapera	per
remmetzi	misc
jaan wilipsonil	per
juhhan kallew	per
ann ewel	per
an wõikmani	per
m. pookand	per
juhani	per
mart wusman	per
jaan kodowand	per
mihkli	per
josep tomik	per
maddis jaakson	per
mihkel klaup	per
jaan jakobson	per
jakop paii	per
mihkel moondo	per
juhhan pillesson	per
mihkel kübbara	per
tönnis sussi	per
juhhan preimer	per
gustaw elmik	per
josep sults	per
rein roopan	per
tönnis rekandi	per
iwan nurk	per
peter illimar	per
andrus will	per
m.roht	per
jürri kuld	per
georgi maripu	per
jaan otsing	per
jaan häelme	per
joosep besakow	per
mihkel päll	per
märt matra	per
kurik	per
hendrek waltri	per
nuudimäe talu	per
jüri wall	per
hans jüri p. masa	per
jaan limanni	per
mina allt	per
lesiko jakob	per
ane kangro	per
jaan kruuspann	per
tõnnu truus	per
aadu sengbusch.	per
jaan sarwa	per
tönnu münter	per
leeba	misc
jaan sarrapik	per
jaan sawa	per
jüri wandermann	per
jaan aunapu	per
jaan mootse	per
prits weitenberg	per
graf Ungern Sternbergi Metsawalitseja C. Ahern	PER
tina wirwes	per
jakkob tuhha	per
jakob tiislar	per
rein nerot	per
andres kleyus	per
jaan jantson	per
h. erman	per
karel reinapp	per
jaan kaerik	per
johan warrik	per
katre põld	per
mari tikk	per
heidemann	per
abram kööba	per
josep rosman	per
timofei	per
i	per
märt lillo	per
putsa jaan	per
peter sark	per
tawi lemmik	per
ann krips	per
mihkel tosso	per
ado pillmann	per
marie auster	per
juhhan murssi	per
jüri rüitel	per
anno tripan	per
schmitt	per
akob Aripmann	PER
jakop muld	per
madli lindemann	per
jaak mikk	per
lisa aid	per
hindrek jekim	per
gottlieb anderson	per
jüri treikeikeldri naine liso	per
kärner kare	per
jakob piirberg	per
hirsch`i	per
jüri tupai	per
kallis	per
johan lillenthalist	per
merdi matzi jürrij	per
hans rais	per
wido	per
jaan waldmann	per
josep sõukand	per
liso erik	per
maddis kask	per
kaarl laks	per
kristja kask	per
joh. kolsar	per
mihkli Jahni	PER
jurri tamm	per
joosep kerge	per
hans lenkmann	per
jakkob wända	per
turro ado	per
hans rihm	per
johann moks	per
jaan otsa	per
jacob kalman	per
peeter täkker	per
mart hansu p. marin	per
jürri wäljaots	per
liso martini	per
tannil kuk	per
hans margens	per
lenõ janovoi raudmets	per
frido allas	per
willem müller	per
jürri trummel	per
kusta iwanthal	per
tiit kuk	per
peter mets	per
juhan maker	per
peeter sinka	per
jakob talsberg	per
johan bergström	per
juhhan raja	per
karel traggon	per
jürri	per
lars kyrkslett	per
loigo	loc
juhan luik	per
mürseppa jaan	per
otto hammer	per
johan pael	per
jürri eldermann	per
jaak põderson	per
kolo	loc
andrea märt	per
p.a. von sivers	per
jaan else	per
mart karli p. kauman	per
hans allik	per
johan issakson	per
peeter uripää	per
juhha kuck	per
ewa hüts	per
alleksander blauberg	per
jüri iwask	per
o. steffen	per
jüri remmel	per
maddis mik	per
tönnis noulik	per
andrus kattel peetri poeg	per
ado kask	per
jaann jüri poeg tammm	per
peter krigul	per
kustas silbermann	per
willem	per
perrametsa	per
gottlieb lipsky	per
hans koort	per
juhan saart	per
abram raja toma poeg	per
julius tigane	per
tiina sarw	per
tekko johann	per
mihkel põderi	per
reinellerile	propn
hindriko	propn
tiktinnikov	propn
oudovalt	propn
maakohut	propn
makejev	propn
viera	propn
rangile	propn
tattar	propn
lang	propn
kink	propn
sõrg	propn
säärik	propn
vöttingale	propn
ohm	propn
krisjan	propn
ruus	propn
armsohn	propn
kongutast	propn
klim	propn
jonasse	propn
kötsa	propn
loritse	propn
semen	propn
viljakut	propn
kuldseppa	propn
laiva	propn
reili	propn
laud	propn
kätsa	propn
tannil	propn
aleksei	propn
ronnimust	propn
meigas	propn
sillo	propn
luiz	propn
mikkori	propn
tääk	propn
adams	propn
ruusa	propn
kass	propn
mikkul	propn
kiselov	propn
pehap	propn
mihelson	propn
maija	propn
hofrichtikohto	propn
külaotsal	propn
vakaus	propn
nops	propn
dobre	propn
varese	propn
särrele	propn
nendasammoti	propn
tower	propn
matjama	propn
potinkov	propn
juson	propn
muurile	propn
ramman	propn
kusnezov	propn
sidar	propn
kahjo	propn
keisri	propn
kukka	propn
kull	propn
käufer	propn
tõnnis	propn
vöörusen	propn
suure-	propn
alavere	propn
villman	propn
zirk	propn
paulmeistre	propn
priksile	propn
lemingo	propn
bandt	propn
becman	propn
reichenberg	propn
sohnbergil	propn
koffil	propn
praaklil	propn
voika	propn
kübara	propn
tavi	propn
nemvalzile	propn
ossipov	propn
hüss	propn
karol	propn
kassuka	propn
mõisavalitseja	propn
käija	propn
tover	propn
kroonberg	propn
gertneri	propn
ladz	propn
vallavölmünder	propn
kogoldi	propn
sonnatar	propn
daniila	propn
koggokonna-petsad	propn
sauterile	propn
kimask	propn
luhsinge	propn
kirhäidi	propn
mihel	propn
kodavere	propn
kõrtsimardil	propn
rips	propn
lõstberg	propn
vassilid	propn
martinsoni	propn
reineller	propn
urbile	propn
rehki	propn
remmeti	propn
tehvandile	propn
rootslasse	propn
parri	propn
viksi	propn
kuderi	propn
reastvere	propn
suure	propn
kivistiku	propn
aripmanni	propn
luchss	propn
laiwa	propn
vähhi	propn
molohka	propn
pangsepp	propn
jonase	propn
verbo	propn
pala	propn
melki	propn
puuritz	propn
miller	propn
maksenberg	propn
soosaar	propn
patzmani	propn
glük	propn
lilloverile	propn
aakre	propn
räbis	propn
labja	propn
aahveneri	propn
kaiv	propn
vassarl	propn
hendrikule	propn
ned	propn
märtil	propn
kõivale	propn
vöting	propn
kööseli	propn
hobbese	propn
kleini	propn
politsei	propn
kallas	propn
henni	propn
luats	propn
kepp	propn
koseson	propn
tiido	propn
laatsi	propn
kiidjärvel	propn
holst	propn
ollen	propn
mutso	propn
veisveer	propn
pruks	propn
toomajaani	propn
koschova	propn
annel	propn
sikkaga	propn
käriko	propn
kitzing	propn
jaansoni	propn
gustavi	propn
vasili	propn
seme	propn
ronnimus	propn
aadleriga	propn
anok	propn
sander	propn
soole	propn
prüis	propn
kaatj	propn
kroonile	propn
vassilile	propn
liplap	propn
maueril	propn
vallitseja	propn
kaarle	propn
keriko	propn
jürgensonil	propn
pallos	propn
adamson	propn
villemsil	propn
pahhaoja	propn
koolil	propn
vinne	propn
siim	propn
labanile	propn
käen	propn
arjuke	propn
tomingaga	propn
retto	propn
igelströmi	propn
jürril	propn
martina	propn
ganin	propn
süld	propn
kompus	propn
kimalanne	propn
olga	propn
aebel	propn
kustad	propn
rump	propn
uve	propn
muder	propn
bradimaa	propn
rämma	propn
klaosen	propn
tobraski	propn
vuksi	propn
talr	propn
väikse	propn
gluchovile	propn
räbovõitra	propn
veltmann	propn
vassili	propn
käreski	propn
saposchnikov	propn
matveist	propn
adressi	propn
alvrele	propn
mikkeli	propn
pärn	propn
tiggane	propn
poltsamaa	propn
peder	propn
tölk	propn
alekseiga	propn
tadoldre	propn
schvalbe	propn
vöörmanni	propn
jaans	propn
ketnerile	propn
elmile	propn
isaak	propn
käos	propn
biderman	propn
hermannega	propn
tuhta	propn
stammel	propn
patsile	propn
pistoli	propn
mõnnasto	propn
meistre	propn
sarit	propn
andresele	propn
viljaki	propn
naestema	propn
keiserliko	propn
kürvitz	propn
ristivälja	propn
paddernik	propn
täkk	propn
korgoja	propn
jaanoson	propn
ritsar	propn
tint	propn
nedalil	propn
reinmann	propn
peeb	propn
kerman	propn
tehvand	propn
kollo	propn
sauli	propn
saknal	propn
kahjutassumist	propn
vasilid	propn
sambla	propn
johannil	propn
märtman	propn
sauterit	propn
oksioni	propn
tammi	propn
kikas	propn
halinga	propn
vall	propn
last	propn
velledele	propn
jesnovi	propn
kristuvingi	propn
jonni	propn
lõhmus	propn
parmsonile	propn
tschisikov	propn
peetrile	propn
tonnisson	propn
tikss	propn
antsul	propn
pääbu	propn
vatsaga	propn
jürripäivall	propn
sulpov	propn
oleskiga	propn
mirkaga	propn
palito	propn
kantküla	propn
jaohan	propn
kerrik	propn
lads	propn
sarkil	propn
mihakil	propn
vaka	propn
hendriko	propn
orisaares	propn
kalpus	propn
ottu	propn
lööperil	propn
ritsika	propn
eisenschmidti	propn
heiseleri	propn
kurreniida	propn
lõsta	propn
johns	propn
tiidole	propn
johansonile	propn
bensale	propn
koschenov	propn
juhansonil	propn
võikson	propn
krebetz	propn
rumbi	propn
kangede	propn
parma	propn
grünbergile	propn
juhasoni	propn
galafei	propn
pensale	propn
zura	propn
armi	propn
suurmõtsale	propn
benjamin	propn
liisal	propn
andresse	propn
otza	propn
praakli	propn
lohmus	propn
tschernovi	propn
võõpsu	propn
kahliga	propn
ännilisele	propn
sinno	propn
andso	propn
mesipuule	propn
orrava	propn
schultzi	propn
põderile	propn
kogukona	propn
tsernitschevi	propn
mihkel	propn
zobbi	propn
kanzveiga	propn
kusmaga	propn
türgile	propn
rattmaem	propn
kookiga	propn
mäega	propn
annale	propn
linna	propn
ivani	propn
ottasele	propn
rebbane	propn
külaots	propn
tauksom	propn
peedul	propn
kasper	propn
nikke	propn
villemase	propn
viksiga	propn
ritterschafti	propn
tobrask	propn
matt	propn
asmusse	propn
karjärvel	propn
köhr	propn
räps	propn
andersoni	propn
hohlfeld	propn
roijo	propn
böchrson	propn
haaslava	propn
üssalokku	propn
makar	propn
arroson	propn
krisa	propn
kärikule	propn
bandti	propn
kaebajal	propn
koigole	propn
rõigas	propn
karpsonil	propn
pikasillast	propn
vittmann	propn
kaddsjas	propn
lihulas	propn
tallu	propn
kants	propn
kodava	propn
matsvei	propn
kol	propn
tunnis	propn
alleri	propn
randale	propn
pastake	propn
pung	propn
käigu	propn
barth	propn
kanepimae	propn
joosebi	propn
krug	propn
ottase	propn
vaarale	propn
kudraschovi	propn
maksim	propn
päälegi	propn
herra	propn
sederile	propn
malmile	propn
maalmannil	propn
ida	propn
ihrel	propn
reet	propn
tallot	propn
vidikul	propn
kitze	propn
toomesse	propn
schwarzihärra	propn
koppel	propn
tompsonil	propn
mattul	propn
nilbele	propn
leppits	propn
isak	propn
tomas	propn
kaevas	propn
leppikesel	propn
maximov	propn
tiss	propn
sirrolil	propn
tartusse	propn
vossa	propn
sulz	propn
kranigul	propn
laurbergi	propn
linki	propn
kikkasse	propn
ansoga	propn
vaaks	propn
amer	propn
kill	propn
rätsepale	propn
kaebtussen	propn
härrä	propn
lutziani	propn
oinberg	propn
lääperile	propn
tomming	propn
kindit	propn
lagos	propn
sassi	propn
riidaja	propn
sango	propn
lukelt	propn
rosneekile	propn
põhjatu	propn
lanevere	propn
tubli	propn
fruktov	propn
tartuse	propn
avikole	propn
pabut	propn
goluhov	propn
karrist	propn
joostile	propn
tõnisel	propn
reinholdiga	propn
iisaki	propn
kivastiku	propn
järavere	propn
kaubelda	propn
sillakohtule	propn
karl	propn
kukkiga	propn
zeit	propn
konnimussele	propn
tissile	propn
peedmannil	propn
immise	propn
kutsutus	propn
kroch	propn
pernitiga	propn
tonni	propn
ordnungsrichti	propn
rummaskiga	propn
hans	propn
handel	propn
fromejev	propn
tüter	propn
voorust	propn
must	propn
mäksalt	propn
mitrifanov	propn
vildfluschil	propn
pois-Juhan	propn
kook	propn
vallas	propn
vöttinga	propn
pachil	propn
üsalohu	propn
mikiska	propn
thalmanni	propn
peedihanso	propn
andressoni	propn
miisna	propn
luik	propn
härmani	propn
parmaniga	propn
pagotile	propn
väljaotsa	propn
peel	propn
breegsil	propn
sõrmus	propn
mari	propn
briinige	propn
vint	propn
kulbsonile	propn
lööperi	propn
pets	propn
valu	propn
pirilompi	propn
valgast	propn
sautrel	propn
kagvere	propn
ells	propn
essäko	propn
parni	propn
a.jurkatom	propn
frits	propn
haage	propn
räpinale	propn
karjapois	propn
toolamalt	propn
veiken	propn
rannus	propn
adraah	propn
vöölmunder	propn
anukvrijev	propn
vassos	propn
rubl	propn
jak	propn
jospe	propn
nikkest	propn
juhkum	propn
küüsta	propn
köstre	propn
otsman	propn
petseri	propn
kruus	propn
starrikohvi	propn
brigul	propn
dampf	propn
urgardi	propn
häelmu	propn
füllung	propn
sepa	propn
anosele	propn
paulmanile	propn
reis	propn
kiltrele	propn
sulla	propn
baschmakov	propn
villipule	propn
kavastult	propn
beckman	propn
jaanusse	propn
jakup	propn
rbl	propn
koppenäri	propn
walgutaschen	propn
kajob	propn
kardri	propn
lättiga	propn
vassulahe	propn
kristov	propn
sõitschikov	propn
peldti	propn
adolph	propn
kurrikoga	propn
ännilinne	propn
anvtotja	propn
labile	propn
tõnn	propn
hendrike	propn
häide	propn
timmuska	propn
ansmitt	propn
talliste	propn
timmermani	propn
kiisal	propn
ladoka	propn
kunsingile	propn
jööger	propn
mattil	propn
sae	propn
märdi	propn
gross	propn
tagavere	propn
krivzov	propn
ess	propn
kukkemelkil	propn
tächt	propn
hendriki	propn
neiup	propn
viljakile	propn
beschlag	propn
merk	propn
hallikale	propn
tõht	propn
jula	propn
põdral	propn
abramov	propn
holzman	propn
kartofli	propn
jusari	propn
raija	propn
lillo	propn
bährsoni	propn
samuel	propn
külast	propn
kasepealt	propn
rootsil	propn
tam	propn
janus	propn
naevsti	propn
jakobsoni	propn
villems	propn
kili	propn
timerman	propn
ojassoniga	propn
kärneril	propn
kabelile	propn
matrona	propn
obbesest	propn
zir	propn
laosson	propn
voormannile	propn
gemeindegerichts	propn
krissar	propn
kalbuse	propn
piiri	propn
reinelleri	propn
tilga	propn
dolgov	propn
dorfi	propn
kärkna	propn
vakkamaa	propn
zolgole	propn
mäelook	propn
kalla	propn
sillaotsaga	propn
amjervelt	propn
rükkit	propn
luitz	propn
nurmsi	propn
eisenschmidtil	propn
dexlingi	propn
märdipäivani	propn
vasilile	propn
tominga	propn
matsoni	propn
nilbe	propn
verrev	propn
lemannil	propn
sabalov	propn
kõnnu	propn
bömmann	propn
laiwasche	propn
beihvelt	propn
pehrna	propn
baturinale	propn
vana-koiola	propn
krahv	propn
smirnov	propn
verlok	propn
zögever	propn
aknestaja	propn
varal	propn
ausberg	propn
kusma	propn
pognitsa	propn
männ	propn
jakovleva	propn
kosloviga	propn
priidole	propn
rassile	propn
vestbergil	propn
suhovi	propn
moond	propn
kärtmanil	propn
parts	propn
tigasel	propn
kaera	propn
miina	propn
sõlgi	propn
johannes	propn
söötile	propn
mat	propn
kasanil	propn
lohmanniga	propn
tolk	propn
sõssara	propn
maddis	propn
tarvastus	propn
marile	propn
narruskov	propn
ermannil	propn
völmundre	propn
varral	propn
pirni	propn
jörg	propn
räbbäk	propn
sulson	propn
ruth	propn
garafim	propn
kakovits	propn
töstamendi	propn
alex	propn
koik	propn
purtsi	propn
j.kehrberg	propn
vanna-kuuste	propn
tättal	propn
lätt	propn
meos	propn
järv	propn
pah	propn
vallakassa	propn
norman	propn
tull	propn
blaule	propn
verlokile	propn
taevere	propn
arult	propn
verevkinad	propn
õunap	propn
roja	propn
tublilt	propn
kitzingile	propn
laitus	propn
vallavallitsusse	propn
jerso	propn
lukku	propn
vastse-piigandist	propn
idale	propn
maddisse	propn
madissoni	propn
juhann	propn
saardele	propn
viedleri	propn
pällo	propn
rey	propn
olt	propn
ivvan	propn
kära	propn
koiksi	propn
riiast	propn
joh	propn
räoste	propn
bömmarin	propn
päsokene	propn
kuusk	propn
luiki	propn
panti	propn
küssida	propn
plessangohv	propn
otu	propn
vatsa	propn
reddolf	propn
kambja	propn
hunt	propn
urbi	propn
ussovi	propn
redolf	propn
meose	propn
morra	propn
meenbek	propn
frey	propn
kiidjärve	propn
mats	propn
kõrvel	propn
palsing	propn
läst	propn
sele	propn
rappofi	propn
ainson	propn
sand	propn
jariste	propn
lehmusest	propn
hansul	propn
tobraskile	propn
ebo	propn
kordi	propn
soontakil	propn
treivaldt	propn
kolno	propn
valgotast	propn
oskar	propn
pitter	propn
käräschin	propn
thomad	propn
lipsky	propn
aintzil	propn
patküla	propn
krusamäe	propn
veriorale	propn
türkist	propn
lepi	propn
kahl	propn
korknopelile	propn
kristjanil	propn
valda	propn
vuksile	propn
sep	propn
vallavanem	propn
karjus	propn
kord	propn
breigo	propn
juhannes	propn
frolov	propn
sokikkas	propn
krilov	propn
parveotsal	propn
miinale	propn
tang	propn
maalmanni	propn
tönnu	propn
laossonil	propn
sirge	propn
peetrit	propn
lääper	propn
koikil	propn
reissner	propn
kotzmannile	propn
isotov	propn
starikov	propn
kusnast	propn
leonti	propn
viljandi	propn
kerrikoplatsi	propn
polakenne	propn
ojasson	propn
kaltil	propn
saarjärve	propn
rumask	propn
parteli	propn
essast	propn
petrepäival	propn
ohlmann	propn
vasmile	propn
tamissar	propn
volt	propn
matvei	propn
zarri	propn
kar	propn
villetsaare	propn
kusikud	propn
pastaku	propn
hindrek	propn
stepani	propn
võrole	propn
novembrl	propn
tihane	propn
vallavalitsusele	propn
palk	propn
rämmalt	propn
küith	propn
tanadovile	propn
scönberg	propn
sassile	propn
pers	propn
madisonil	propn
juhkama	propn
lesnovi	propn
pahomov	propn
magatsisse	propn
kransiveer	propn
himmaste	propn
soukandi	propn
kherthal	propn
velstile	propn
olesk	propn
saaveti	propn
tautsil	propn
jaaman	propn
juurik	propn
kuksi	propn
sai	propn
jursi	propn
preetri	propn
pantil	propn
maibach	propn
sorre	propn
suuremäe	propn
rehknungi	propn
lievati	propn
siederov	propn
irs	propn
tambergi	propn
leontile	propn
lohhoarrol	propn
kusk	propn
vätting	propn
grünberg	propn
lebedev	propn
edesile	propn
kulikov	propn
nikifer	propn
lindemannile	propn
pristovi	propn
rummaskil	propn
sakk	propn
ülke	propn
konnuska	propn
naissonil	propn
juril	propn
rant	propn
sälgi	propn
pahha	propn
peetre	propn
võssul	propn
mutsit	propn
hirschiga	propn
arg	propn
otto	propn
härm	propn
taavits	propn
skorohodov	propn
metsiko	propn
kikerpill	propn
kalbose	propn
tannilasel	propn
meijeri	propn
todsi	propn
sorrele	propn
sarnik	propn
vissov	propn
peekman	propn
mõrrol	propn
lärmi	propn
monat	propn
vidrik	propn
liivl	propn
taose	propn
stepan	propn
obst	propn
raavelli	propn
koolivalitsuse	propn
reinfeldt	propn
hendri	propn
pärsitski	propn
iga	propn
sillakohtu	propn
kroon	propn
tomkina	propn
kaddono	propn
könn	propn
tamissarele	propn
konsal	propn
poltova	propn
põrsa	propn
seepääle	propn
toming	propn
villetsaar	propn
johannsonile	propn
olaus	propn
operiga	propn
maltsoni	propn
nitsikovi	propn
eva	propn
paulmanni	propn
fekla	propn
amjerve	propn
haslavast	propn
villandi	propn
krasna	propn
roseniga	propn
adost	propn
madal	propn
livamäele	propn
simmulmani	propn
makimova	propn
häidesk	propn
kosso	propn
langetõbbi	propn
runhanson	propn
andress	propn
karlova	propn
adot	propn
visi	propn
april	propn
danel	propn
õmbluse	propn
mäeküla	propn
vominiski	propn
aabel	propn
zeppe	propn
pittesil	propn
eljar	propn
allajaan	propn
pornusse	propn
muhin	propn
pedajas	propn
pooman	propn
bertha	propn
lõstman	propn
sibul	propn
poijal	propn
hindriki	propn
ulilast	propn
laursonile	propn
kesva	propn
lindok	propn
kase	propn
mai-orro-	propn
tihaliku	propn
kirjotamisen	propn
ohnal	propn
suppa	propn
kirrepist	propn
värv	propn
kohtomehes	propn
paursonile	propn
bairissi	propn
kellamehele	propn
lillen	propn
körn	propn
pullan	propn
zirpi	propn
resultat	propn
arrolind	propn
mustingel	propn
vihelbu	propn
merist	propn
koolmeistre	propn
joosti	propn
sillakohtule	propn
pääva	propn
tavet	propn
savviperra	propn
jaanson	propn
kaibum	propn
rassist	propn
purgal	propn
karpov	propn
pillile	propn
kolk	propn
välgitast	propn
kusto	propn
dmitrijev	propn
retsnink	propn
semenov	propn
pärsikivi	propn
oktobrl	propn
voormanni	propn
taporetti	propn
lemminge	propn
ritskman	propn
kurg	propn
laikäpp	propn
kirepist	propn
leebiku	propn
fanny	propn
kalti	propn
sallom	propn
breegs	propn
mitterile	propn
kaas	propn
kusikuga	propn
petre	propn
mähkalla	propn
ellajade	propn
mita	propn
kõrtsist	propn
lõstal	propn
beifeltile	propn
lammas	propn
vähma	propn
madison	propn
mölder	propn
mõõdu	propn
kabel	propn
pullisar	propn
aggodevargas	propn
kaunise	propn
rätsepp	propn
jürit	propn
salil	propn
karrask	propn
nielbe	propn
roseni	propn
kallosel	propn
kohli	propn
karrul	propn
karristeto	propn
ihre	propn
kübar	propn
konstantik	propn
puna	propn
pihlak	propn
miisnale	propn
pühhapäiva	propn
and	propn
ingermann	propn
mõrrul	propn
arpmannile	propn
kübard	propn
makson	propn
rammo	propn
petrega	propn
febroaris	propn
kalberg	propn
rives	propn
kanarikule	propn
meltser	propn
nina	propn
luhale	propn
parmann	propn
nönda	propn
peepu	propn
parmaksoni	propn
kartoflide	propn
ehrmann	propn
kübarsep	propn
zerning	propn
kohtomehhe	propn
kukke	propn
navestis	propn
ärma	propn
haugasse	propn
blachile	propn
gavrilla	propn
johannese	propn
malmiga	propn
johansoniga	propn
kanna	propn
aggodega	propn
treufeldti	propn
käigul	propn
birkule	propn
körtsi	propn
mikki	propn
riisani	propn
rihmile	propn
varruski	propn
ivanovna	propn
ivanile	propn
tohvre	propn
danilov	propn
hats	propn
kõvva	propn
patsi	propn
pakkeus	propn
harmsohn	propn
peten	propn
väljaots	propn
anno	propn
vähja	propn
kooli	propn
leming	propn
lenkist	propn
kabriel	propn
lamberti	propn
mülleri	propn
noormets	propn
michli	propn
jaan	propn
metsikule	propn
nursile	propn
ramma	propn
cassa	propn
kansveie	propn
ravendi	propn
ansul	propn
kiiskman	propn
paletot	propn
oorg	propn
vasser	propn
pruulit	propn
kahja	propn
röad	propn
pärsikivvile	propn
kongota	propn
keiserlik	propn
timermanile	propn
mattuse	propn
läne	propn
kurnau	propn
riismandle	propn
turki	propn
kiter	propn
parmakson	propn
viedler	propn
jacobson	propn
vallal	propn
möts	propn
virkhausen	propn
ilmatsal	propn
sonn	propn
nitsikovist	propn
karepera	propn
moistu	propn
koolist	propn
pedak	propn
reissnerile	propn
linnast	propn
mangus	propn
andruse	propn
kernaga	propn
oijasonile	propn
lanemann	propn
rooson	propn
kruuse	propn
laitusel	propn
pattule	propn
märti	propn
jõrgenitzaga	propn
sööti	propn
puuts	propn
kõrtsi	propn
välgita	propn
karlid	propn
lübiki	propn
kangro	propn
rosenfeld	propn
andrus	propn
peddäjat	propn
masto	propn
kabelil	propn
peele	propn
laugassoni	propn
kähri	propn
punderit	propn
parol	propn
fluss	propn
rassi	propn
tõnnisele	propn
sellepääle	propn
tõnissin	propn
luniast	propn
ostrale	propn
hansonile	propn
voormann	propn
viilup	propn
johannsoni	propn
lell	propn
kalevi	propn
karelson	propn
kilter	propn
värvo	propn
abbiello	propn
zärens	propn
kotzmannil	propn
haidak	propn
konni	propn
arritase	propn
martinseni	propn
tartus	propn
jaamavalitsuse	propn
kasso	propn
seema	propn
vio	propn
rootsi	propn
praakle	propn
vaska	propn
kukkel	propn
perlus	propn
jöuloni	propn
kallile	propn
verki	propn
palopere	propn
rivik	propn
kaigos	propn
kressi	propn
rammi	propn
kedde	propn
kautzi	propn
domber	propn
julist	propn
oktobril	propn
richardiga	propn
pavlov	propn
puksandile	propn
kiho	propn
bildi	propn
kohtumehe	propn
kiili	propn
kulli	propn
kolga	propn
järsul	propn
kasp	propn
kuikatsin	propn
vido	propn
ronnimuse	propn
rükkinurm	propn
kohtomehe	propn
viidu	propn
türkile	propn
tilgand	propn
lehmus	propn
juhannile	propn
nukki	propn
jorro	propn
mällsonile	propn
kogukonale	propn
annu	propn
tamma	propn
särre	propn
rootzlanne	propn
palkov	propn
juska	propn
asjo	propn
sepp	propn
leihter	propn
kõrs	propn
varbuses	propn
sulzile	propn
vakka	propn
diesfeldi	propn
kogokonna	propn
vuht	propn
loginaga	propn
käkk	propn
aron	propn
rõngo	propn
soomele	propn
thal	propn
urm	propn
karliga	propn
sõnal	propn
arrost	propn
lästi	propn
räbolt	propn
polakesega	propn
johanes	propn
lüüs	propn
holtz	propn
sariko	propn
töno	propn
kustu	propn
liivakule	propn
ligemetsat	propn
norrmanni	propn
vöörmündred	propn
kiidjärvele	propn
valka	propn
rivesid	propn
parfejev	propn
lepsoni	propn
punga	propn
mattei	propn
lihvlandimaa	propn
timoschloga	propn
dolgaschevi	propn
söödi	propn
arrak	propn
virmann	propn
fritzi	propn
farnov	propn
lauri	propn
saoniidi	propn
lepik	propn
pangotivallast	propn
semmen	propn
limberg	propn
hapso	propn
venemaalt	propn
triina	propn
kaariku	propn
minksi	propn
podratschiku	propn
kap	propn
obbest	propn
mihklelt	propn
nisso	propn
nitoff	propn
sillakohus	propn
maakonnas	propn
mehhine	propn
bergmani	propn
pehter	propn
jakop	propn
päle	propn
jaaniga	propn
aland	propn
väikesse-röngo	propn
lävve	propn
mihejev	propn
pazi	propn
saarelt	propn
käriku	propn
leppikov	propn
ruber	propn
temlari	propn
kaupmehe	propn
kustat	propn
kopsul	propn
ounapuu	propn
tidebergi	propn
jaah	propn
ungersonil	propn
edi	propn
kaivatav	propn
pihlapsoni	propn
kerner	propn
brin	propn
pärstist	propn
polakse	propn
tattrik	propn
montagi	propn
verreval	propn
kaagvere	propn
mihgailale	propn
tuulel	propn
mikitkin	propn
rihmal	propn
arro	propn
parmakut	propn
karristele	propn
alveurt	propn
laasil	propn
toomile	propn
pegel	propn
luhsingi	propn
villakov	propn
tähtverest	propn
soru	propn
kimaski	propn
saamosson	propn
eidemann	propn
rosenfeldtile	propn
evertile	propn
sinär	propn
birm	propn
jaasel	propn
praskovja	propn
blaubrikul	propn
rannost	propn
sedulka	propn
kakmisse	propn
selletas	propn
kõva	propn
mensenkampffi	propn
tonissoni	propn
vilup	propn
johansoni	propn
roossoni	propn
janiga	propn
lepäle	propn
vastse-koiola	propn
kevvadeni	propn
tornil	propn
jürisonile	propn
domainikohtuga	propn
remmet	propn
bubnov	propn
karreni	propn
prakliga	propn
veikesest	propn
valter	propn
vankel	propn
marjaschin	propn
oktbr	propn
vastopä	propn
toma	propn
virro	propn
schulman	propn
bairitek	propn
krigorile	propn
sigga	propn
möldri	propn
quintil	propn
mihgaila	propn
pihle	propn
gusmin	propn
palzman	propn
kimmalanne	propn
tõhul	propn
jukamsoni	propn
zärenze	propn
helene	propn
pusep	propn
kubja	propn
stamberg	propn
kononov	propn
augsbergi	propn
tarnovi	propn
tätta	propn
kivijärve	propn
briggol	propn
juku	propn
marid	propn
kalliperale	propn
vanemba	propn
hendrikile	propn
akkerta	propn
liival	propn
roosneck	propn
ans	propn
võikman	propn
ivaskil	propn
bergiga	propn
säga	propn
verovkinale	propn
perkmann	propn
jama	propn
raadi	propn
garnist	propn
petrovna	propn
hirst	propn
andrei	propn
jonast	propn
terraverre	propn
parsoni	propn
treile	propn
kartoflid	propn
praksi	propn
tiilik	propn
augsberg	propn
nappasson	propn
locki	propn
holzmannil	propn
sure	propn
vättinga	propn
vahlbergi	propn
kavastun	propn
matfei	propn
kommusar	propn
võisiku	propn
räpinalt	propn
malarinka	propn
februarikuul	propn
linasemnit	propn
krass	propn
makei	propn
maea	propn
reidolf	propn
papello	propn
simpsoni	propn
undritz	propn
vaht	propn
radi	propn
jürripäivan	propn
reiker	propn
kontz	propn
lemmingele	propn
vilipsoni	propn
johhurgavitsa	propn
bajo	propn
musting	propn
piksonil	propn
pruuli	propn
õigus	propn
kiisk	propn
villand	propn
tallol	propn
vind	propn
matson	propn
länsen	propn
pihlap	propn
kahre	propn
kahlul	propn
andersiniga	propn
ariko	propn
junist	propn
kreos	propn
unnipihast	propn
sakkeuse	propn
vammus	propn
lagile	propn
taskin	propn
sahkaohv	propn
rossneri	propn
luchsile	propn
tana	propn
mällson	propn
breegi	propn
napritson	propn
tauts	propn
kustest	propn
tonistasid	propn
tikssil	propn
muschov	propn
kuristas	propn
praklil	propn
põlde	propn
luksi	propn
silla-kohtu	propn
patzi	propn
lillienthal	propn
sullega	propn
jänesse	propn
civil-arrestanten	propn
poträtsik	propn
lange	propn
willem	propn
parrolille	propn
rosson	propn
jakupi	propn
suisle	propn
nuppasson	propn
käpp	propn
türikel	propn
varbult	propn
velle	propn
jaanu	propn
vuttile	propn
evärt	propn
viks	propn
lagastik	propn
mädesson	propn
josepi	propn
palupera	propn
jakobsn	propn
vijo	propn
kadernapäivani	propn
eina	propn
reimannil	propn
abeliga	propn
parritz	propn
fokle	propn
ungersoniga	propn
arrosoniga	propn
mustmannil	propn
metsik	propn
kristu	propn
maritsega	propn
voites	propn
paju	propn
tallinnast	propn
treifeld	propn
evarti	propn
breegsi	propn
kondiku	propn
rätsepa	propn
almanile	propn
märdis	propn
grünthal	propn
oktobri	propn
taevas	propn
ivvani	propn
jusa	propn
prontsese	propn
peetermann	propn
jõks	propn
jürgensoni	propn
kadariko	propn
hansoga	propn
lievad	propn
lübekiga	propn
nugisele	propn
aleksander	propn
kuhlap	propn
haan	propn
kustenbergil	propn
luise	propn
mikkule	propn
kallit	propn
trigorov	propn
saposchnikovi	propn
amjerv	propn
kaer	propn
paapul	propn
indo	propn
vahlberg	propn
rumme	propn
vaimelt	propn
kammerist	propn
timmusk	propn
rossner	propn
sabosniko	propn
sisaski	propn
olepi	propn
meus	propn
sidarovna	propn
kuremaa	propn
mikkalai	propn
meeder	propn
kanariku	propn
saumann	propn
kitzinge	propn
tidemann	propn
peedo	propn
rosnek	propn
väiksest	propn
glück	propn
hanni	propn
tuuterile	propn
tedor	propn
kilanigiga	propn
reichmann	propn
kükkel	propn
halzmann	propn
linkile	propn
gretsehin	propn
rosa	propn
mefed	propn
plaubrik	propn
pihu	propn
läätse	propn
hüsatsit	propn
lovisa	propn
mikule	propn
aigro	propn
kristus	propn
brottocolliga	propn
tammes	propn
vöörmann	propn
suits	propn
kohva	propn
gorin	propn
luningi	propn
kerge	propn
asmusest	propn
võssoga	propn
kõrtzi	propn
grigori	propn
lauritil	propn
eesti	propn
entmannile	propn
samsonoviga	propn
rätseppa	propn
kärner	propn
tihomirovi	propn
semale	propn
laikäp	propn
anne	propn
tivitele	propn
mastile	propn
koltbergi	propn
käimist	propn
kes	propn
kahluga	propn
adamsonil	propn
kutsari-kinda	propn
timmuski	propn
völmündrel	propn
rummask	propn
hammeri	propn
nöps	propn
pern	propn
aabeli	propn
maddisel	propn
perniti	propn
oder	propn
danieli	propn
tonu	propn
tõnos	propn
voormannil	propn
bairise	propn
hallikule	propn
juhkamsoni	propn
ritzaril	propn
peetsule	propn
vutt	propn
veikesen	propn
liivima	propn
känksepa	propn
märkus	propn
kruutuse	propn
pästak	propn
laursoniga	propn
reimanni	propn
kollina	propn
võrol	propn
kavildast	propn
sihhi	propn
kimmask	propn
caroline	propn
elia	propn
tamme	propn
ignatjev	propn
muhli	propn
makkematsi	propn
rosenfelt	propn
novbembr	propn
madisson	propn
belova	propn
tiviti	propn
lomp	propn
põlva	propn
nordin	propn
nekrut	propn
prontsesega	propn
tideberg	propn
peebo	propn
ossip	propn
kärrevere	propn
gipsita	propn
purgaga	propn
lepsonile	propn
keiserliku	propn
ungersonist	propn
bährsonil	propn
eketrina	propn
peksul	propn
vänikverest	propn
praaklel	propn
kai	propn
kieskman	propn
livati	propn
sarrakusselt	propn
kõima	propn
kattak	propn
leppitse	propn
siimule	propn
leontjev	propn
pärnit	propn
luhaärt	propn
tamur	propn
parmsoni	propn
utsari	propn
lübeku	propn
rehhen	propn
siederovi	propn
ado	propn
kohlil	propn
starikohvi	propn
ette	propn
januari	propn
mädosoni	propn
aebliga	propn
tomsoniga	propn
keerdo	propn
kuint	propn
kirjotaja	propn
hänmani	propn
mossile	propn
uus	propn
tanenberg	propn
erliga	propn
kulakova	propn
voitesele	propn
kärijervee-tee	propn
kasevere	propn
madise	propn
grünthalile	propn
rehhes	propn
kontzi	propn
herrmann	propn
müüri	propn
mittile	propn
schönbergi	propn
vinnet	propn
leesikule	propn
triinat	propn
arhipov	propn
tedre	propn
reiliga	propn
linast	propn
metsiku	propn
bergmann	propn
jürripäivast	propn
koddajas	propn
irboskast	propn
parmaksoniga	propn
sasi	propn
advokadi	propn
gotlib	propn
siederi	propn
titma	propn
brigu	propn
katrega	propn
niits	propn
pukk	propn
külaotsaga	propn
errastverre	propn
rihma	propn
ungersonile	propn
gutsbesitzers	propn
veisveeril	propn
viili	propn
koro	propn
perrajerv	propn
lestale	propn
simpsonil	propn
viksile	propn
peelovas	propn
volmönder	propn
roija	propn
käril	propn
särg	propn
kallissele	propn
sahhar	propn
lukatz	propn
tõnno	propn
park	propn
luvig	propn
abbikohtomees	propn
ullila	propn
simmulman	propn
assori	propn
antso	propn
rijan	propn
leisi	propn
polakese	propn
kaiserlik	propn
arni	propn
pratkale	propn
udsar	propn
koddar	propn
rothi	propn
ojari	propn
siimo	propn
küsse	propn
rõõm	propn
dolgasenovile	propn
kupitse	propn
kudrid	propn
riiga	propn
saborniko	propn
peetr	propn
leetva	propn
metsikole	propn
niggulil	propn
kurnossovile	propn
koigi	propn
vändra	propn
arrokat	propn
räkan	propn
orgu	propn
holtzmanni	propn
maksimile	propn
sahhari	propn
prisko	propn
vija	propn
eisen	propn
ullilast	propn
sults	propn
pätrga	propn
sula	propn
toffer	propn
mati	propn
poolen	propn
ernen	propn
anti	propn
vunck	propn
leppikuga	propn
seigo	propn
kaubi	propn
belovil	propn
briggoka	propn
vanaannuse	propn
nöuva	propn
konsen	propn
jallak	propn
tomile	propn
puraskile	propn
maarja	propn
judral	propn
tilk	propn
michkli	propn
mehhitsimae	propn
värsi	propn
peddaja	propn
madalale	propn
jaskat	propn
nielbo	propn
ignati	propn
kohhus	propn
kassomõtsast	propn
koritsele	propn
jase	propn
hainamaa	propn
vilipiga	propn
kuikatse	propn
parmon	propn
tõnist	propn
laurbergist	propn
rüütle	propn
lotnik	propn
tuul	propn
kerstna	propn
rummaskile	propn
rasval	propn
korts	propn
herrmanni	propn
karrol	propn
kerrikovölmündrehärra	propn
vunkiga	propn
ombluse	propn
saaremehe	propn
nalkin	propn
erkuni	propn
savelli	propn
krimm	propn
tattrikul	propn
skorodumov	propn
viio	propn
kavastu	propn
november	propn
tschikin	propn
staupiga	propn
illisele	propn
alatskivist	propn
kisse	propn
bruun	propn
perlusse	propn
otz	propn
laursooni	propn
lepund	propn
mihailov	propn
jurgens	propn
lallimäe	propn
valt	propn
jänes	propn
lubi	propn
otsand	propn
taavit	propn
armal	propn
kobbilo	propn
savetile	propn
karlel	propn
kõrtsimehe	propn
kranigel	propn
ullilan	propn
timofei	propn
klaosseni	propn
viljaku	propn
polak	propn
ussovile	propn
jerv	propn
kolpakovile	propn
perandaja	propn
klantzile	propn
siveri	propn
kimmile	propn
pehk	propn
vaaksile	propn
suitsol	propn
kuste	propn
hendr	propn
raalili	propn
köiv	propn
lieva	propn
duberg	propn
lüüsi	propn
mali	propn
andreimannil	propn
balken	propn
phjatu	propn
saeskõrva	propn
magileva	propn
juskale	propn
vee	propn
uindiga	propn
peetso	propn
kõrdsi	propn
torropille	propn
kübarale	propn
kits	propn
vildfluschile	propn
pastako	propn
mandel	propn
tabrask	propn
kohtromehe	propn
ameljanov	propn
paas	propn
roosenfeldt	propn
schorochovi	propn
maanus	propn
kogukonna	propn
jasele	propn
simmon	propn
lohhoarro	propn
kondassele	propn
purts	propn
nigguli	propn
eriku	propn
kärre	propn
jaag	propn
kandurat	propn
kello	propn
kitsingule	propn
ahjast	propn
mõistedi	propn
kersna	propn
aripmannil	propn
hatika	propn
vernole	propn
paling	propn
pernitit	propn
parmson	propn
lengi	propn
karrus	propn
leego	propn
opman	propn
naruski	propn
freibergil	propn
paade	propn
luks	propn
järveküla	propn
ostmanni	propn
oksa	propn
olustverest	propn
krilovi	propn
nolk	propn
torropi	propn
taam	propn
semssaaren	propn
petsi	propn
sepp	propn
vohla	propn
ombleja	propn
markus	propn
parro	propn
rännisoni	propn
käerahha	propn
pedaija	propn
reichenbergi	propn
lipp	propn
kulakovna	propn
ristil	propn
obligatsin	propn
seeman	propn
jorsul	propn
künnapuu	propn
kraft	propn
augusti	propn
poolpäiva	propn
vestberg	propn
kihelkonna	propn
sõna	propn
kaebaja	propn
raagale	propn
kiesa	propn
purrasson	propn
juder	propn
saharovile	propn
nõmme	propn
märtinal	propn
jõe	propn
nugis	propn
sumarum	propn
roosmann	propn
käriguga	propn
jakubi	propn
väike-konguta	propn
puidakoga	propn
pörsa	propn
silemi	propn
maueri	propn
udras	propn
laan	propn
visustist	propn
roosel	propn
daniel	propn
laussoni	propn
pichel	propn
künnapuule	propn
mesipu	propn
sutz	propn
raisi	propn
kõivole	propn
martin	propn
kekischev	propn
sooru	propn
rautseppa	propn
larim	propn
rasina	propn
kalli	propn
ostaschonkovile	propn
palkovil	propn
purgale	propn
meeksi	propn
ander	propn
räpina	propn
lenkile	propn
vuttil	propn
buschmann	propn
andersni	propn
laurit	propn
reinberg	propn
rattaseppal	propn
truusil	propn
kille	propn
mällole	propn
mihkle	propn
jonson	propn
anikega	propn
elias	propn
michil	propn
klein	propn
luchsil	propn
maldoni	propn
lillimägil	propn
karelsoni	propn
tittma	propn
paijo	propn
ustinov	propn
vaabi	propn
kaartsare	propn
saviko	propn
astuvere	propn
kilteri	propn
kassikole	propn
tarto	propn
kogrel	propn
levonti	propn
zobeli	propn
vanna	propn
kondrati	propn
ilja	propn
maanust	propn
nautrasele	propn
suurm	propn
saksjak	propn
härg	propn
spiridon	propn
pakkote	propn
puhaga	propn
hog	propn
lorenzoniga	propn
bruumile	propn
plessankohv	propn
kuderid	propn
lebedevile	propn
kromanile	propn
rukki	propn
käijil	propn
maggemats	propn
kokoralt	propn
mauren	propn
nasta	propn
veikesi	propn
kubbud	propn
remeliga	propn
jekaterina	propn
palul	propn
sarre	propn
saumanni	propn
peetsi	propn
oper	propn
kusten	propn
lehman	propn
hoffil	propn
jakobil	propn
thuul	propn
vöörmöndre	propn
kraps	propn
paatzi	propn
urtheils	propn
holstres	propn
nikopensiusele	propn
puk	propn
bärsoni	propn
hariton	propn
sõlgil	propn
alustusleht	propn
petserist	propn
vesmanile	propn
kenkmanil	propn
pägi	propn
kassik	propn
loomann	propn
krami	propn
hütt	propn
kaasiku	propn
rättasepp	propn
tõnnise	propn
nemvalz	propn
rammulüüs	propn
härja	propn
vörsteile	propn
perilt	propn
kõivo	propn
nässo	propn
pollizeikohtule	propn
järves	propn
krassi	propn
jummal	propn
dehni	propn
gromov	propn
õue	propn
luhan	propn
seppa-allas	propn
lanemanil	propn
peterselli	propn
tubbin	propn
venni	propn
lepsit	propn
lulberg	propn
kirjotada	propn
ärense	propn
lahmuse	propn
peetersoni	propn
trusi	propn
urmile	propn
mutsu	propn
org	propn
reimund	propn
andrialle	propn
sari	propn
valguta	propn
märtmanile	propn
josep	propn
tschernitschov	propn
praskova	propn
puchzichtil	propn
lumme	propn
adamsoni	propn
peetermannil	propn
nissod	propn
asmusele	propn
alle	propn
kedda	propn
välli	propn
sohnberg	propn
akne	propn
paulus	propn
lillienhtal	propn
juusti	propn
saaremaa	propn
tedrele	propn
sidarohvile	propn
ostra	propn
kusovile	propn
sirrul	propn
kahli	propn
goruschkin	propn
priko	propn
lättigi	propn
köster	propn
urbil	propn
raud	propn
plokmann	propn
kristjan	propn
rösna	propn
vilipson	propn
adam	propn
rääkist	propn
tats	propn
pihol	propn
vock	propn
luuka	propn
kõrvalisse	propn
timmerman	propn
part	propn
jers	propn
navesti	propn
jõulus	propn
maalmann	propn
navestist	propn
meeri	propn
vastse-koiolasse	propn
arnus	propn
ansijaani	propn
kingissepa	propn
kohton	propn
müllerson	propn
kütti	propn
käreverest	propn
koslovile	propn
mõõta	propn
lep	propn
kellamov	propn
viljussel	propn
laurberg	propn
krassil	propn
kibbal	propn
trusil	propn
kranig	propn
liisole	propn
laossoniga	propn
leschnevit	propn
lokul	propn
hamkov	propn
liivakul	propn
raisk	propn
tomson	propn
simulman	propn
sester	propn
rosenfeldi	propn
schwebs	propn
rahula	propn
tinti	propn
lehbert	propn
kang	propn
torti	propn
tomaga	propn
christjan	propn
liini	propn
thomsonil	propn
vieral	propn
jerschov	propn
pihklak	propn
lõppe	propn
elis	propn
gottlip	propn
lütti	propn
timost	propn
tooma	propn
gold	propn
eero	propn
viido	propn
nekrudis	propn
sultz	propn
runhansoni	propn
michl	propn
tiktinnikovile	propn
tenni	propn
eller	propn
ronimuse	propn
vinamärti	propn
tiirikile	propn
kulbsoniga	propn
kurs	propn
nimitedu	propn
kaeman	propn
kusmale	propn
hiermit	propn
nukk	propn
kohto	propn
simpson	propn
novmbr	propn
vuks	propn
hud	propn
veedleri	propn
vastopähil	propn
naano	propn
kaebatu	propn
kirmsi	propn
soontaki	propn
mõtz	propn
järmukt	propn
leesikmäe	propn
gustavile	propn
kadenberg	propn
elloaija	propn
tonnissoni	propn
himmise	propn
härman	propn
ärmal	propn
särgi	propn
aru	propn
tiro	propn
berga	propn
ait	propn
allik	propn
klautz	propn
kanzveil	propn
perrajervel	propn
juhkam	propn
ojale	propn
silla	propn
tonul	propn
jefremov	propn
tammel	propn
reschkoi	propn
suhov	propn
vasmi	propn
kivastikule	propn
semmeniga	propn
mõistus	propn
terras	propn
piri	propn
maanusse	propn
partz–köhler	propn
andrese	propn
bernit	propn
reikal	propn
niguli	propn
kiselev	propn
oinas	propn
latte	propn
annega	propn
maltsov	propn
viljandis	propn
varbusel	propn
perremees	propn
trahv	propn
rijas	propn
todele	propn
kolli	propn
kekischeva	propn
ruthi	propn
kahma	propn
undritsele	propn
äintil	propn
jumala	propn
bergil	propn
vikkatit	propn
kapliga	propn
poolemõisa	propn
uhuta	propn
teodor	propn
agafia	propn
kallasse	propn
rehhi	propn
kuremaal	propn
kaib	propn
joost	propn
orravavallitsus	propn
toome	propn
rõugu	propn
andrias	propn
ärmas	propn
peterson	propn
raansist	propn
mihkelsonil	propn
udderna	propn
prits	propn
nicolai	propn
prisk	propn
küppasele	propn
löötsapilli	propn
leppikese	propn
hüllimson	propn
dannenberg	propn
armolik	propn
viherbule	propn
voor	propn
küidson	propn
lomb	propn
viirasson	propn
soolo	propn
tomanni	propn
purraski	propn
laiuselt	propn
ruusmannil	propn
punderi	propn
sallule	propn
vardja	propn
roiki	propn
lavrenti	propn
mustjala	propn
brusi	propn
linan	propn
kallal	propn
paatsi	propn
augsbergile	propn
jarro	propn
lenal	propn
naesele	propn
zirkul	propn
kulakov	propn
leppikovil	propn
kortsinaene	propn
vilipsonil	propn
vöörmöndrite	propn
herrmannil	propn
patzmn	propn
vitrik	propn
gusth	propn
kurrik	propn
derbr	propn
vahtrik	propn
martini	propn
brükker	propn
tannel	propn
joham	propn
grünvald	propn
kihelkonnakohtu	propn
neuman	propn
lätlassel	propn
rehhevallitseja	propn
abelile	propn
räha	propn
nitof	propn
laneman	propn
joosu	propn
paka	propn
pahilo	propn
nedal	propn
budrasehev	propn
kogold	propn
klaus	propn
frosch	propn
vilna	propn
narusktrant	propn
madaverele	propn
kuslapuuga	propn
jännesse	propn
vihhalehti	propn
lellep	propn
beckmann	propn
ohna	propn
mustveest	propn
linnast	propn
toro	propn
tiidu	propn
junts	propn
orule	propn
savostkinal	propn
kerk	propn
mihelboul	propn
villemsoni	propn
pabutale	propn
säkna	propn
kodasme	propn
zenkson	propn
staup	propn
meijersile	propn
kässa	propn
sõugese	propn
vill	propn
andersson	propn
reidolv	propn
kusov	propn
kuusik	propn
kõksi	propn
schönberg	propn
tihomiroviga	propn
vasar	propn
meokel	propn
domainea	propn
ekatarina	propn
viltmann	propn
kirstjaan	propn
lilman	propn
tom	propn
lukke	propn
vinapruli	propn
phillipov	propn
küppas	propn
tomsonil	propn
vohlale	propn
herrasaar	propn
kurvitsa	propn
seement	propn
funke	propn
lochk	propn
rehhe	propn
kallase	propn
naus	propn
grünfeldti	propn
toolama	propn
kierhäiding	propn
plum	propn
seemale	propn
seemen	propn
tuuteri	propn
köhra	propn
madis	propn
prakson	propn
kras	propn
mast	propn
dmitri	propn
rästa	propn
david	propn
purask	propn
arilase	propn
räägile	propn
pannov	propn
tuberg	propn
melzar	propn
mardi	propn
lippul	propn
tõnnissoni	propn
pabuta	propn
adamsonile	propn
tilgerile	propn
ansmittil	propn
uks	propn
paroli	propn
torril	propn
leppale	propn
sculmann	propn
tompsonnist	propn
lutke	propn
die	propn
vedler	propn
magnuse	propn
karjan	propn
pärg	propn
paggeja	propn
pupsil	propn
taller	propn
luseperra	propn
orissaare	propn
tartuhe	propn
schirokov	propn
dora	propn
lesta	propn
tihavnova	propn
päkohtumehe	propn
dexlingiga	propn
rakki	propn
protocolli	propn
matti	propn
volkman	propn
maij	propn
kartoflida	propn
heidov	propn
kirno	propn
kudinalt	propn
seeba	propn
adamsoo	propn
kogukonnale	propn
virkhaus	propn
elial	propn
kakk	propn
aljoga	propn
kiik	propn
pukkast	propn
toomal	propn
lendrile	propn
lüde	propn
raadimõisa	propn
loho	propn
valma	propn
i.sunni	propn
toss	propn
sentka	propn
virksu	propn
vou	propn
lepmann	propn
sillapuie	propn
detsembri	propn
ratturil	propn
rihm	propn
kalliperraga	propn
rijan	propn
kreose	propn
loomaku	propn
vakk	propn
tama	propn
laugale	propn
pferde	propn
annule	propn
sössarad	propn
reinomägi	propn
martisen	propn
using	propn
beckmannile	propn
mironovi	propn
laussonil	propn
nopsi	propn
lasi	propn
kulikovile	propn
elmi	propn
hobsti	propn
kuus	propn
michel	propn
mikkojaani	propn
lingile	propn
tonnis	propn
ronk	propn
tarvastu	propn
aintz	propn
kontzil	propn
tibbina	propn
ilus	propn
kohtu	propn
pedrovna	propn
kõttu	propn
lepiku	propn
mitrasanovi	propn
kroono	propn
orras	propn
jürrip	propn
järiste	propn
linno	propn
holtsmann	propn
kulutetu	propn
verkil	propn
emma	propn
margele	propn
gilde	propn
raual	propn
kaderna	propn
hõdu	propn
vunkile	propn
reilile	propn
nedalile	propn
karjamaale	propn
vuhtil	propn
laest	propn
oleskil	propn
humase	propn
mädasson	propn
saaremõtz	propn
väljaotsale	propn
krasechin	propn
mäeotsa	propn
rentnik	propn
alatskivilt	propn
vesmani	propn
sidarohvi	propn
puhzichtil	propn
trat	propn
archipovi	propn
plaksole	propn
reinholdt	propn
lukin	propn
uibo	propn
pagi	propn
veder	propn
mihelsoni	propn
lindi	propn
kannu	propn
hahni	propn
lõmps	propn
mihklepäivas	propn
lieso	propn
tönul	propn
vain	propn
huene	propn
türna	propn
avdotja	propn
moona	propn
võssa	propn
mare	propn
hofgerichti	propn
maggasist	propn
jürripäivanist	propn
bringfelt	propn
kissand	propn
kiselova	propn
tihhanov	propn
reinholdi	propn
jõulu	propn
porgi	propn
liivi	propn
tiitma	propn
uee	propn
udrask	propn
sirgele	propn
ling	propn
mõisavalitsus	propn
potin	propn
kont	propn
alekseil	propn
mäksal	propn
eihelmanni	propn
vallavalitsusse	propn
normani	propn
verovkin	propn
tamberg	propn
saveljeva	propn
annok	propn
kibenale	propn
aspri	propn
briker	propn
moisavalitseja	propn
ditmari	propn
margussoni	propn
peldt	propn
tilger	propn
kivinitsin	propn
jürgensile	propn
maksimov	propn
jefin	propn
scharl	propn
korki	propn
toom	propn
kaupale	propn
michelson	propn
tuuliko	propn
moor	propn
kürsa	propn
villole	propn
nopposson	propn
sarrakussest	propn
täht	propn
tschernov	propn
vutte	propn
johanson	propn
brigo	propn
rups	propn
jomp	propn
tibbinale	propn
valdma	propn
raansi	propn
vesman	propn
märdile	propn
irinja	propn
parroli	propn
zeik	propn
luchsi	propn
maksimohvi	propn
rija	propn
trifin	propn
püstrik	propn
mitt	propn
aadleri	propn
laiuse	propn
räkkandi	propn
soldatitele	propn
köhleri	propn
poträtsiko	propn
pikki	propn
viljandist	propn
lembril	propn
pernit	propn
kalbus	propn
gute	propn
tibine	propn
petter	propn
titischi	propn
sieder	propn
pettscher	propn
sirgo	propn
truusist	propn
birkenbaumil	propn
reinuga	propn
koger	propn
kodijärve	propn
tannenberg	propn
greinart	propn
eichelmann	propn
polakessele	propn
undritsega	propn
välja	propn
rattasepp	propn
hirsch	propn
mallo	propn
jossep	propn
latsepal	propn
redeli	propn
juurest	propn
kutzmann	propn
eichelmannile	propn
aleksandrile	propn
krootmann	propn
suiku	propn
lino	propn
sössara	propn
natusel	propn
tullits	propn
zärenzele	propn
arja	propn
krooni	propn
loomaki	propn
jaako	propn
pusanovi	propn
kreusse	propn
ann	propn
köhrad	propn
iprusse	propn
vidik	propn
vinti	propn
rumpi	propn
maijer	propn
puhal	propn
mõts	propn
tibbinad	propn
luhäart	propn
pangodi	propn
voitk	propn
ii	propn
maakson	propn
järmut	propn
vassilista	propn
laadiko	propn
ilvese	propn
essä	propn
kerma	propn
solba	propn
errel	propn
hindi	propn
domainivalitsusele	propn
riin	propn
lenkil	propn
salomini	propn
runar	propn
gluchov	propn
toomassonile	propn
amme	propn
kärtmanile	propn
pollak	propn
eassilij	propn
kaarelil	propn
moisina	propn
nitov	propn
järsi	propn
rootsikülas	propn
ollid	propn
verend	propn
peks	propn
kadaja	propn
virkhauseni	propn
meijersi	propn
erli	propn
thuliko	propn
kaskad	propn
gurjan	propn
ausenbergi	propn
mäe-kächri	propn
pannel	propn
tobber	propn
tönu	propn
nopsil	propn
rõiva	propn
kirillov	propn
torrop	propn
kihäid	propn
märtina	propn
gips	propn
paul	propn
reinomagi	propn
lemming	propn
anrejev	propn
peeter	propn
imaküla	propn
limmeister	propn
margus	propn
sinerri	propn
gläubiger	propn
otti	propn
kiumast	propn
kärna	propn
herrmannile	propn
dorf	propn
koguk	propn
vastopäht	propn
trey	propn
moliko	propn
pedja	propn
galafejev	propn
hirsh	propn
hoffi	propn
makimovna	propn
räisse	propn
kambsuni	propn
kirril	propn
patzmanil	propn
mattu	propn
väljaotsalt	propn
thalile	propn
pitkmann	propn
tiinast	propn
rathleffi	propn
petra	propn
tuvk	propn
juurikul	propn
võssu	propn
jermil	propn
eenoki	propn
janoaris	propn
kurnosov	propn
meosele	propn
klaose	propn
auustatud	propn
maksimohv	propn
mustmannile	propn
sigalaskma	propn
aggo	propn
jürgensonn	propn
kerraverre	propn
lääts	propn
kütt	propn
prottokolli	propn
eichelmani	propn
janipäival	propn
taal	propn
soossaar	propn
peeloval	propn
ots	propn
tisler	propn
tartost	propn
perremeste	propn
vangi	propn
madisse	propn
tihanovna	propn
arnits	propn
tächti	propn
väära	propn
jakobile	propn
käänis	propn
him	propn
sirruli	propn
reidolfile	propn
sägat	propn
soele	propn
nahkrule	propn
blau	propn
paatz	propn
mägile	propn
palmi	propn
lihu	propn
ratmaem	propn
moisa	propn
pensa	propn
hindres	propn
persitski	propn
rassil	propn
võrus	propn
sakna	propn
tänassilma	propn
erina	propn
palli	propn
der	propn
kasepää	propn
kogokona	propn
meikas	propn
joosepiga	propn
lutsepal	propn
kaddaja	propn
pehapile	propn
maksonil	propn
kuhil	propn
linderil	propn
kukkemelk	propn
vuksiga	propn
peddajas	propn
podrätschikul	propn
zirnaskile	propn
oinats	propn
rosen	propn
trifanov	propn
lestbergil	propn
allajaanile	propn
verioralt	propn
tamissaar	propn
mikkit	propn
mensenkampi	propn
tähe	propn
pilliuse	propn
liiso	propn
kunimäe	propn
varrandus	propn
vekkmann	propn
varnik	propn
tio	propn
pitso	propn
essak	propn
laro	propn
ootsi	propn
birkil	propn
freibergi	propn
pett	propn
kadri	propn
afonassi	propn
seddulka	propn
pekso	propn
alla	propn
int	propn
sarega	propn
rivesil	propn
jako	propn
vesmanil	propn
annoki	propn
urbole	propn
traksi	propn
tamming	propn
kukkemelgil	propn
vatting	propn
matsoniga	propn
kooliga	propn
klanz	propn
rang	propn
arjak	propn
ratturi	propn
viljandise	propn
madavere	propn
peep	propn
toodsi	propn
fodor	propn
oenn	propn
valgerist	propn
pusanov	propn
narus	propn
timermanni	propn
kangrol	propn
liis	propn
lenzius	propn
luksil	propn
meijerile	propn
mõtsu	propn
makasab	propn
otsale	propn
hamme	propn
kuil	propn
lego	propn
varun	propn
puurmanist	propn
neuhofi	propn
zärenz	propn
tammuriga	propn
ostaschov	propn
muscharev	propn
adami	propn
konnuska	propn
vidu	propn
saara	propn
tilsi	propn
hindov	propn
arnusele	propn
perrenaene	propn
armoliko	propn
larri	propn
reissel	propn
tassakud	propn
kivak	propn
ihr	propn
rosenbergi	propn
tadoldred	propn
sergejevile	propn
lilloveer	propn
kogger	propn
lahepera	propn
olustvere	propn
bartels	propn
kristvingi	propn
krusamae	propn
freymann	propn
kukele	propn
joha	propn
köhrale	propn
vaari	propn
arhip	propn
andei	propn
taavli	propn
andrejeva	propn
stam	propn
kuikatsist	propn
hindovile	propn
ritzari	propn
udernast	propn
märtsoniga	propn
joosepile	propn
kaarnal	propn
schuravovi	propn
trihvanovi	propn
rätsep	propn
märtsini	propn
kärikiga	propn
kablits	propn
priks	propn
jõntsi	propn
mittiga	propn
derfeldeni	propn
tõnnison	propn
reigas	propn
loodist	propn
kartoflin	propn
nemvaltziga	propn
zernask	propn
saarveld	propn
tunistaja	propn
kulla	propn
lehmann	propn
tonnison	propn
petr	propn
arpmann	propn
tiidemanni	propn
sunni	propn
litsak	propn
brik	propn
kartolid	propn
marmonni	propn
orrav	propn
luhsing	propn
täkker	propn
udraskile	propn
torf	propn
reed	propn
savv	propn
zernand	propn
miinat	propn
lepvaltz	propn
rüg	propn
vuhti	propn
herrman	propn
taabri	propn
udder	propn
tiidemannil	propn
kolbergile	propn
rätsepal	propn
erman	propn
tütrik	propn
kriska	propn
kürvits	propn
pastakul	propn
maksab	propn
oleril	propn
mustvees	propn
stamme	propn
ernits	propn
saksa	propn
uindi	propn
lasarev	propn
mälkule	propn
irsi	propn
pärnus	propn
oleskile	propn
roiland	propn
elo	propn
rommel	propn
kristuving	propn
orravald	propn
liesa	propn
arandi	propn
verreva	propn
kaiserlikko	propn
muscharov	propn
mälku	propn
plotnikov	propn
nõudmine	propn
otsa	propn
tigast	propn
marmonil	propn
söödil	propn
leige	propn
vallavalitsuse	propn
messangohvile	propn
lamsonile	propn
osip	propn
nigulil	propn
kusmal	propn
ostaschonkovi	propn
juhansoni	propn
jörgensis	propn
seder	propn
kotkas	propn
sarri	propn
kudraschov	propn
kibur	propn
gamsinale	propn
puritu	propn
tohvri	propn
taagerpera	propn
jannase	propn
printzmannil	propn
hindrik	propn
lõstbergil	propn
rekkand	propn
kurrista	propn
sugunime	propn
liisu	propn
ütel	propn
varrusk	propn
vilsi	propn
kõddara	propn
tambu	propn
haspel	propn
praks	propn
ansmitti	propn
blantrik	propn
august	propn
peetril	propn
tavits	propn
hermaga	propn
lilo	propn
reichenbach	propn
lebedevi	propn
einman	propn
tohmas	propn
jörgevitz	propn
davitule	propn
lamson	propn
aitsare	propn
pätsi	propn
laure	propn
krasichin	propn
lutzian	propn
lepvaltzile	propn
kondikud	propn
kogrele	propn
kalliperrale	propn
vaser	propn
rist	propn
leihtri	propn
schmidti	propn
aakres	propn
kaddri	propn
narritz	propn
poom	propn
parolil	propn
kransiver	propn
obbetajale	propn
michkel	propn
kiisa	propn
mõisa	propn
viru	propn
käärik	propn
mustvee	propn
mäeusaja	propn
tikkop	propn
tähtile	propn
oijasoni	propn
lusingele	propn
reimanil	propn
pehapi	propn
muscharovi	propn
lahmanni	propn
sonbergil	propn
urla	propn
rattasepa	propn
valgjärve	propn
koggo	propn
lanemani	propn
luunjast	propn
kükita	propn
niitsiga	propn
jaasi	propn
kirri	propn
savisaarel	propn
jelingin	propn
vägi	propn
liisot	propn
oslov	propn
hänman	propn
jani	propn
kehrbergile	propn
remel	propn
jürgensohn	propn
rõischovi	propn
dubergi	propn
kukkemlki	propn
nugin	propn
simmulad	propn
kilgi	propn
briks	propn
henn	propn
vassiljev	propn
sokikkale	propn
vedu	propn
leevon	propn
voormonder	propn
jundas	propn
seddasama	propn
belusov	propn
semon	propn
laarile	propn
kõrtziukse	propn
hannus	propn
vanriku	propn
tammur	propn
sinnol	propn
melanja	propn
son	propn
veriko	propn
maaheino	propn
johnsile	propn
mändikese	propn
zögeveri	propn
varik	propn
türno	propn
pilli	propn
koan	propn
annoka	propn
johannhimmale	propn
tuhalaanest	propn
orrul	propn
tuksami	propn
lockile	propn
küitu	propn
niggul	propn
persitsky	propn
jürripäiv	propn
hirschil	propn
apotska	propn
antrus	propn
reintam	propn
riviku	propn
massakale	propn
sovokin	propn
laban	propn
liivak	propn
mõtsik	propn
gemeindeglieder	propn
pahi	propn
skorohodova	propn
maks	propn
kononova	propn
vahrmann	propn
oidin	propn
täkkole	propn
kulpson	propn
küffel	propn
kusti	propn
jaanussele	propn
lombi	propn
tassak	propn
kallissel	propn
puistajal	propn
kaddako	propn
meoke	propn
tannilassel	propn
samolet	propn
fritz	propn
blomerius	propn
gemeinde	propn
heino	propn
ostmanniga	propn
herman	propn
parson	propn
mitteri	propn
perre	propn
kohus	propn
margust	propn
tiidust	propn
seppale	propn
kreisi	propn
hageleli	propn
villandile	propn
pernitil	propn
voorman	propn
vallas	propn
läänsehe	propn
neumani	propn
keermani	propn
luk	propn
elblaus	propn
lövi	propn
rämmaga	propn
froschi	propn
viil	propn
allase	propn
kallassele	propn
rõika	propn
kram	propn
tarto	propn
kohtom	propn
karpsep	propn
vakause	propn
zepper	propn
kammeri	propn
lesjäle	propn
jefima	propn
kudina	propn
tillisson	propn
loritz	propn
tavit	propn
leppindi	propn
käärdi	propn
tenzu	propn
türnale	propn
petri	propn
jürripäivani	propn
prukk	propn
sild	propn
silm	propn
tallmeister	propn
lõgmusse	propn
leno	propn
mihejevile	propn
hennil	propn
ruusmann	propn
pallopson	propn
turn	propn
märtsioni	propn
kiesat	propn
tiksile	propn
kukli	propn
lauriti	propn
pavlovile	propn
kaivas	propn
alliko	propn
tublil	propn
põddera	propn
aebi	propn
bonmann	propn
abel	propn
urgava	propn
bärson	propn
rõibakovile	propn
kablitsest	propn
neljas	propn
bensa	propn
tehane	propn
kuldseppalt	propn
gustov	propn
pruksil	propn
söödile	propn
leppiko	propn
tõnnisson	propn
rätsepat	propn
niitsiku	propn
sillakohtu	propn
pill	propn
tootsmann	propn
vastemõisas	propn
pallolle	propn
järsule	propn
punnari	propn
rammanil	propn
pallost	propn
solovjev	propn
rähnile	propn
puraski	propn
lööpa	propn
puksandi	propn
reihman	propn
konsistoriumi	propn
jerve	propn
tadaltraka	propn
pussok	propn
vedile	propn
margusse	propn
prantses	propn
luhde	propn
kärvküla	propn
kroman	propn
tirol	propn
lutz	propn
kablitse	propn
nirgis	propn
vallavalitsus	propn
volter	propn
leena	propn
kabbili	propn
alexei	propn
starkohv	propn
laas	propn
möisnikuga	propn
ossipovile	propn
rühka	propn
poija	propn
janipäiva	propn
kadrinast	propn
kullesel	propn
mikkelsaar	propn
nikrutis	propn
äinti	propn
tschernitschi	propn
pess	propn
kohto	propn
tehvandi	propn
utso	propn
peckmann	propn
kärevere	propn
jürgens	propn
tillissoni	propn
pikk	propn
roose	propn
roosenfeldi	propn
ronimus	propn
praksonil	propn
pedu	propn
pärnust	propn
juhanil	propn
elp	propn
konoska	propn
lät	propn
käskinu	propn
rõischovile	propn
mikalajev	propn
händ	propn
tono	propn
nael	propn
laari	propn
silda	propn
jurisonile	propn
vallitsus	propn
jägeri	propn
monas	propn
viljak	propn
penks	propn
viilipuse	propn
mall	propn
kalt	propn
hagenile	propn
sinitzin	propn
lindokile	propn
sallole	propn
tuulle	propn
adelile	propn
everdil	propn
roosen	propn
marmoni	propn
blaubrik	propn
parveots	propn
tütter	propn
jürrile	propn
maasi	propn
mihklepäival	propn
tee	propn
meika	propn
kapposta	propn
karult	propn
hatike	propn
panov	propn
veide	propn
michelso	propn
neuland	propn
alleksander	propn
näksil	propn
mõttuse	propn
molok	propn
sarve	propn
lohoarro	propn
andrele	propn
antis	propn
walde	propn
around	propn
paljung	propn
mauerile	propn
kuprianov	propn
rantile	propn
mosin	propn
birkiga	propn
pauluska	propn
lilliorg	propn
udsare	propn
imise	propn
lohusuu	propn
vaher	propn
masik	propn
savostkinale	propn
voldemar	propn
pahk	propn
nukkul	propn
hanseni	propn
kirs	propn
korb	propn
kiriko	propn
pruul	propn
kasepea	propn
brunn	propn
laitust	propn
ladiko	propn
alveas	propn
ambla	propn
toomas	propn
türk	propn
varrik	propn
hainson	propn
nõgla	propn
richardi	propn
rebbasel	propn
eenistja	propn
valgeristi	propn
vähjale	propn
kenkmani	propn
kiidjärvelt	propn
vallaga	propn
rätsepalt	propn
volmer	propn
purro	propn
pella	propn
kuldsepa	propn
värvi	propn
pille	propn
obetil	propn
harkson	propn
nabruse	propn
mikolai	propn
püssale	propn
ännilisel	propn
mamõõtja	propn
mustmanni	propn
vallakassaku	propn
jaksa	propn
jakkil	propn
marken	propn
gertner	propn
rannu	propn
herma	propn
omblus	propn
märtson	propn
tompi	propn
tootsi	propn
arusaarest	propn
sürgaverest	propn
krootusest	propn
seenka	propn
rits	propn
essa	propn
kompuse	propn
logina	propn
usinge	propn
rätsepaga	propn
anton	propn
laursohn	propn
jaskale	propn
fevdor	propn
soontakist	propn
gluhkavitsi	propn
tiksi	propn
kuslap	propn
sõugandi	propn
auri	propn
mältoni	propn
nuggin	propn
sentkale	propn
alexejev	propn
pärnu	propn
tallinamaalt	propn
vaga	propn
purgile	propn
remmelile	propn
lääti	propn
kütman	propn
kukk	propn
lasti	propn
juhanile	propn
saharov	propn
kertsu	propn
matsil	propn
völliga	propn
kabak	propn
püggi	propn
soontakilt	propn
korknopel	propn
rannust	propn
liivaku	propn
märtist	propn
kernale	propn
musta	propn
võrust	propn
käeggo	propn
nerot	propn
tomingat	propn
gargi	propn
adamile	propn
võrult	propn
koikkülast	propn
pindi	propn
karroga	propn
milli	propn
narits	propn
ossipovna	propn
ainamaa	propn
sillamatsi	propn
antonov	propn
sägast	propn
tartolinast	propn
kuusil	propn
doring	propn
joseph	propn
mõnnaste	propn
reikmann	propn
pahkiga	propn
dexling	propn
niggulile	propn
kurrat	propn
sillakohto	propn
matsi	propn
kuke	propn
tiko	propn
vedleri	propn
tammin	propn
lak	propn
briegsi	propn
jakopson	propn
kooskors	propn
metsasaks	propn
saar	propn
komissaer	propn
rosnefeldt	propn
prangel	propn
everti	propn
raansilt	propn
niido	propn
konnoska	propn
soldatin	propn
juhkamsooni	propn
lentsiuse	propn
siimoni	propn
simon	propn
löhmus	propn
messikäp	propn
soontak	propn
vilsarile	propn
polakovile	propn
vesmann	propn
kissariga	propn
kulikovid	propn
tadoldrele	propn
mõtsavaht	propn
freybergil	propn
petril	propn
turvast	propn
ernitz	propn
johanil	propn
himmale	propn
võsol	propn
relelmann	propn
hahn	propn
sullane	propn
tiinale	propn
tiiro	propn
malkov	propn
janti	propn
sillda	propn
taradov	propn
lohhoarrole	propn
urgav	propn
tuuri	propn
jüri	propn
jõhvik	propn
jännes	propn
brottcolli	propn
kohan	propn
ilm	propn
kärike	propn
kanarik	propn
leeno	propn
oijason	propn
peedu	propn
hanss	propn
partsi	propn
livatile	propn
kanzei	propn
birkenbaumile	propn
järve	propn
ort	propn
hello	propn
vana-koiolast	propn
sõrra	propn
manner	propn
peedmanni	propn
kondi	propn
voitkal	propn
kurvitz	propn
moisavallitsusse	propn
väike-veerksu	propn
maggasi	propn
madve	propn
nemets	propn
kubijas	propn
unipihast	propn
annole	propn
jaak	propn
livämagi	propn
koht	propn
kalev	propn
jurna	propn
tallo	propn
normanni	propn
compagnie	propn
funk	propn
wõitra	propn
saardel	propn
link	propn
sikkasaar	propn
reino	propn
vannamois	propn
pittes	propn
sarik	propn
sarniko	propn
roog	propn
dorfschmidt	propn
kulbisaare	propn
raudsep	propn
matsonil	propn
prangli	propn
leschnev	propn
tensing	propn
la	propn
näks	propn
künda	propn
seerol	propn
luhäar	propn
ratsep	propn
pernitile	propn
umal	propn
tibin	propn
johhannson	propn
kavvildast	propn
talo	propn
looka	propn
larion	propn
krediitkassast	propn
buschmanni	propn
kuldkeppil	propn
schönbergil	propn
kiesale	propn
jorra	propn
lööprele	propn
luchäär	propn
ullani	propn
tiukre	propn
õmbleja	propn
kromonovi	propn
koolis	propn
vatopähile	propn
lübekid	propn
kaubale	propn
jaaksonil	propn
annikov	propn
vatt	propn
pabori	propn
lepvaltzil	propn
saarde	propn
aakarust	propn
voivot	propn
valtsohn	propn
naissoni	propn
rahhapapperi	propn
post	propn
kiriku	propn
laissussel	propn
lattik	propn
volli	propn
koolis	propn
ivvask	propn
kõttuli	propn
mäeloga	propn
lestberg	propn
soldat	propn
veikse	propn
letta	propn
simmulmanile	propn
raja	propn
päkohtumes	propn
heermannile	propn
herrn	propn
neroti	propn
roht	propn
liigandil	propn
urgard	propn
treijel	propn
zogever	propn
truuts	propn
valdner	propn
varres	propn
rüütel	propn
andres	propn
jermuska	propn
vallakassaka	propn
pulli	propn
köik	propn
päha	propn
vidriko	propn
aallajaanile	propn
missikson	propn
kaebtossen	propn
vrits	propn
voiman	propn
kulov	propn
kiltre	propn
speek	propn
nõumehe	propn
tomp	propn
madaver	propn
kikkas	propn
thomsonile	propn
olerili	propn
saks	propn
sõrmusse	propn
kiesaga	propn
ignatzi	propn
beerne	propn
möistusele	propn
prakel	propn
märtsoni	propn
artamonov	propn
leplandika	propn
alekseile	propn
killas	propn
kreis	propn
kohl	propn
saksjugole	propn
nehatu	propn
nemtzeva	propn
reimandist	propn
gamsin	propn
võõps	propn
munna	propn
klaoson	propn
vierale	propn
aripmannile	propn
jakopit	propn
kuuske	propn
oler	propn
aado	propn
kohto-ramatu	propn
rattasepal	propn
viljusele	propn
vohler	propn
liivamägi	propn
parindi	propn
nahkrut	propn
baart	propn
sobli	propn
kisselauva	propn
unni	propn
schönbergile	propn
räbo	propn
pukka	propn
tallasson	propn
kaarad	propn
lintsi	propn
kiikol	propn
kolpakov	propn
kaubil	propn
moritz	propn
prants	propn
ligemetsa	propn
decembril	propn
vacht	propn
tammissaare	propn
vojeikovile	propn
pihlik	propn
kõjo	propn
kogokonna	propn
davite	propn
tuksam	propn
jurkatam	propn
lock	propn
eglon	propn
liigandi	propn
torropil	propn
nemvaltz	propn
oblikationen	propn
savik	propn
pohjatu	propn
sikkale	propn
lippiga	propn
völmünder	propn
schilling	propn
ekadarina	propn
andreson	propn
jegor	propn
kõrtsin	propn
vakki	propn
kahkva	propn
mikkust	propn
grosi	propn
vritsi	propn
kalliperad	propn
purgi	propn
liivamäega	propn
kooleri	propn
peter	propn
armile	propn
linnan	propn
ravel	propn
kuldkepp	propn
vunkil	propn
look	propn
kaebatav	propn
kurillov	propn
reile	propn
maamõtja	propn
maltonil	propn
viilina	propn
jallakiga	propn
ivask	propn
tikkopile	propn
mussarohv	propn
rull	propn
brigol	propn
pikka	propn
pillil	propn
blum	propn
sibbul	propn
aerjal	propn
jörgenitz	propn
vintile	propn
murrulanen	propn
kostile	propn
vassu	propn
völmönder	propn
pehop	propn
leenale	propn
madisonile	propn
põhjata	propn
arrinõmme	propn
kämmara	propn
petrepäivani	propn
lohmann	propn
turvas	propn
kollinen	propn
plesangohvile	propn
kogukonnakohtu	propn
beekman	propn
arosonil	propn
leppiski	propn
aber	propn
foma	propn
leppikul	propn
ja	propn
vennesaar	propn
kogukon	propn
janiksetallo	propn
listak	propn
reinhold	propn
reinvald	propn
suitsole	propn
pirusi	propn
janson	propn
vaskale	propn
ulila	propn
jerriste	propn
küünla	propn
täkkeri	propn
kihhelkonnakohtu	propn
repastmäe	propn
sohvi	propn
moller	propn
maeotz	propn
urmi	propn
kerko	propn
lenksohn	propn
koslov	propn
lesk	propn
freybergile	propn
holmberg	propn
orav	propn
lentsiusel	propn
pahila	propn
kragovitsiga	propn
krassiga	propn
lukasse	propn
noppassoni	propn
türkiga	propn
lindemanni	propn
kaupmehhe	propn
ilvesse	propn
saarjärvelt	propn
magatsi	propn
alveur	propn
vänn	propn
nausi	propn
kriisa	propn
sirrol	propn
judraga	propn
maril	propn
lillienthali	propn
maia	propn
järriste	propn
kaivatava	propn
puhzichti	propn
kört	propn
koosa	propn
ojassoni	propn
kromani	propn
karrika	propn
sääg	propn
may	propn
päivale	propn
loorits	propn
undile	propn
rootschina	propn
bergmanile	propn
undriko	propn
magilevi	propn
arrisarest	propn
rüki	propn
viidule	propn
triin	propn
juhani	propn
vana	propn
luhaart	propn
nõumeeste	propn
soome	propn
paide	propn
lineman	propn
isaki	propn
kenkmanni	propn
kõrts	propn
utt	propn
länseni	propn
juhhim	propn
freijberg	propn
ain	propn
sofronov	propn
rügi	propn
siemon	propn
valdsohn	propn
runing	propn
kersi	propn
kõrgmann	propn
tartohe	propn
saveljev	propn
jõnson	propn
püssa	propn
palitu	propn
luig	propn
jaanil	propn
palsingil	propn
öeriko	propn
räbise	propn
reikale	propn
muni	propn
thomas	propn
tammesele	propn
dolgasenov	propn
koorma-Köis	propn
küttsoni	propn
vana-prangli	propn
radisna	propn
kokorale	propn
simson	propn
mada	propn
rosenthali	propn
rõibakov	propn
kesvat	propn
tilling	propn
rõngust	propn
tõnisse	propn
lukatzi	propn
bocka	propn
näksi	propn
borodkin	propn
lepman	propn
võivaku	propn
uderna	propn
sammuli	propn
järvepa	propn
karulast	propn
arthur	propn
staupil	propn
seppal	propn
ritzar	propn
lattikale	propn
hint	propn
murri	propn
obbene	propn
kuslapuule	propn
kihelkonnast	propn
pärsikivvi	propn
straus	propn
lukkevalla	propn
juuli	propn
jaagule	propn
roosi	propn
jannson	propn
erlile	propn
natus	propn
gromovile	propn
nemvaltzi	propn
mai	propn
ruudline	propn
vössa	propn
kaubile	propn
hendriku	propn
suurmõtsaga	propn
toomel	propn
kaero	propn
laos	propn
serrel	propn
trikko	propn
juhanit	propn
musti	propn
vilipsonile	propn
suurega	propn
ango	propn
tun	propn
kirrepis	propn
rattassep	propn
mihkelson	propn
põdder	propn
lagussel	propn
pernu	propn
tumala	propn
folge	propn
kohto-lavva-tek	propn
melliste	propn
pernäga	propn
maksile	propn
möisnik	propn
kondas	propn
andreile	propn
parsonile	propn
rättaseppale	propn
ivvanuvitz	propn
saarik	propn
isakov	propn
holz	propn
jüril	propn
kiridov	propn
tonule	propn
volmünder	propn
nüidne	propn
vastsekivile	propn
ilves	propn
aleksandr	propn
janile	propn
muulid	propn
raaveli	propn
kuk	propn
rosenfeldist	propn
grossbrg	propn
peeduga	propn
lööper	propn
nöukas	propn
rijast	propn
klaosenile	propn
räkkand	propn
junil	propn
brottocollin	propn
ahja	propn
kartohvlit	propn
feodor	propn
lintsile	propn
priksil	propn
reilson	propn
abosi	propn
sali	propn
pangodist	propn
kurisoo	propn
muhu	propn
ilusil	propn
sääl	propn
parmanni	propn
fruktovile	propn
filatov	propn
tuksom	propn
veedler	propn
sadovnik	propn
pack	propn
poiole	propn
käiji	propn
sulby	propn
tönule	propn
jorgenson	propn
lembri	propn
jaakole	propn
mardiga	propn
lucht	propn
limeon	propn
raili	propn
arri	propn
antipovi	propn
vöörmündrid	propn
karli	propn
karijarve	propn
rootle	propn
rootzlasse	propn
lepe	propn
munni	propn
allasch	propn
rumbil	propn
rõischov	propn
pabor	propn
sonsein	propn
tartumaalt	propn
tunnist	propn
kanzveid	propn
tepman	propn
naissonist	propn
kuivasel	propn
rinks	propn
hanne	propn
päts	propn
lepvaltzi	propn
suislepas	propn
kondik	propn
võro	propn
arandile	propn
kromonov	propn
iisakile	propn
künnapuul	propn
lambor	propn
eichelmanile	propn
vallavanemba	propn
nasarev	propn
illi	propn
lukk	propn
dombergil	propn
forschil	propn
marre	propn
perrajerve	propn
kik	propn
leppik	propn
torropile	propn
mihkelt	propn
hansenbergi	propn
reibach	propn
sarjale	propn
silem	propn
arju	propn
kesklahest	propn
võõringi	propn
metsast	propn
vahhale	propn
matfejev	propn
tanasel	propn
ropka	propn
anokale	propn
tiid	propn
pärni	propn
sagavere	propn
belov	propn
tikko	propn
saksjugo	propn
jännestele	propn
liivakulle	propn
erreli	propn
petersonile	propn
peelovasele	propn
küünlid	propn
tiitjens	propn
jakkale	propn
himmelreich	propn
vold	propn
ojametsa	propn
jonassel	propn
tärni	propn
tadolder	propn
tenz	propn
dmitrijevna	propn
staupi	propn
sõssarale	propn
kirju	propn
plakso	propn
riga	propn
beckmanile	propn
peddäjä	propn
sakkeus	propn
mälk	propn
hendrikulle	propn
veriora	propn
körtil	propn
karpsonile	propn
magatsist	propn
olleks	propn
makkemats	propn
liso	propn
ninasi	propn
sobel	propn
viik	propn
türik	propn
birnil	propn
sukov	propn
orava	propn
ravli	propn
kondratjev	propn
schmidt	propn
langele	propn
mudsi	propn
rattur	propn
rattasepale	propn
richm	propn
epp	propn
tikkopiga	propn
lavatsi	propn
andrest	propn
talvitsel	propn
obligatsion	propn
antoni	propn
jukkale	propn
kunsing	propn
tamman	propn
von	propn
verino	propn
tohvrile	propn
johan	propn
ottenderi	propn
rei	propn
velber	propn
naritsa	propn
hanson	propn
kanzvei	propn
erro	propn
buschmannile	propn
kreiskohtu	propn
lendril	propn
varbuse	propn
tuustikut	propn
katsako	propn
lind	propn
öunap	propn
roosson	propn
sova	propn
leimus	propn
ferdinand	propn
jakob	propn
peetri	propn
lemingu	propn
evale	propn
saadjärve	propn
sino	propn
malmil	propn
hobese	propn
surva	propn
nuka	propn
roijolt	propn
libbe	propn
nõvva	propn
georgi	propn
brettil	propn
jürripäiva	propn
edasi	propn
nõggene	propn
rüütlet	propn
ferchen	propn
lohmanni	propn
avapa	propn
pääle	propn
hausenberg	propn
petersoni	propn
karu	propn
ronnimusele	propn
mõtsasaks	propn
auril	propn
voivod	propn
legemetsa	propn
lentsi	propn
himmis	propn
küinarpä	propn
vasilil	propn
niitsi	propn
hermasson	propn
andressonil	propn
emmä	propn
kabeli	propn
entschädigung	propn
peri	propn
savisaarega	propn
bruuli	propn
maakohtu	propn
pihelil	propn
alevikus	propn
gustav	propn
lübekil	propn
lübek	propn
peksu	propn
mäe	propn
puhm	propn
kenkmaniga	propn
simsoni	propn
preeks	propn
kihelkonna	propn
lasile	propn
koch	propn
kulutaja	propn
unnipäle	propn
grigorjev	propn
loskit	propn
võru	propn
koelerist	propn
sarja	propn
antonit	propn
vastopähe	propn
roelast	propn
varimois	propn
villip	propn
pruksi	propn
rosenfeldti	propn
orinõmme	propn
mihkeljani	propn
peeterson	propn
annele	propn
tallomõtsast	propn
suupeedu	propn
paule	propn
persitzki	propn
nitsikov	propn
pupsi	propn
vassilal	propn
kaldrema	propn
hoovikohtu	propn
vallavalitsuse	propn
lõhmussel	propn
meri	propn
lamge	propn
karolist	propn
hansu	propn
mitti	propn
varbusele	propn
boklaffi	propn
julale	propn
trifon	propn
varrikul	propn
olleskid	propn
kurvitze	propn
reichenbergile	propn
haadmann	propn
aabelile	propn
laht	propn
tominagaga	propn
mõtsavahi	propn
london	propn
tölpile	propn
millerile	propn
õiguse	propn
until	propn
peiter	propn
pärsti	propn
raag	propn
tõnise	propn
tallinna	propn
kerrikokümnest	propn
ulst	propn
kork	propn
rämmani	propn
päsokenne	propn
feltmann	propn
toomees	propn
regelmann	propn
sokikkal	propn
kregel	propn
aprilist	propn
oltile	propn
kahmale	propn
molle	propn
paukam	propn
kristuv	propn
jooseb	propn
lavreti	propn
valitsus	propn
mihksi	propn
varbuselt	propn
rämmanile	propn
timmermann	propn
jungmann	propn
mooses	propn
revold	propn
padrätschik	propn
lübja	propn
narusk	propn
lõhmussele	propn
budasehov	propn
udsaril	propn
margos	propn
ränni	propn
müirsep	propn
toovli	propn
kahlil	propn
vares	propn
leppikovi	propn
külasse	propn
stepanile	propn
tommi	propn
uheksoni	propn
pausloni	propn
noromann	propn
vorkontrakts	propn
verk	propn
tallukramita	propn
alvease	propn
müllersoni	propn
varalt	propn
teppakov	propn
numri	propn
pastakol	propn
hammaril	propn
peets	propn
grossberg	propn
suumann	propn
simmuland	propn
petersellile	propn
dass	propn
lukkeld	propn
kärnerile	propn
plessangohvi	propn
rämmal	propn
puritz	propn
sössar	propn
krimanist	propn
sorgenfrei	propn
ivanov	propn
rudolph	propn
mon	propn
liivale	propn
kerriko	propn
haapsipea	propn
kalliperast	propn
kriiskman	propn
tiilikul	propn
rämman	propn
kõrtzimees	propn
sekkil	propn
allast	propn
repapp	propn
purrask	propn
maksimale	propn
tõnts	propn
bedingungen	propn
kallberg	propn
kuremalt	propn
tomingale	propn
kroonil	propn
ottas	propn
karo	propn
trei	propn
siner	propn
lorenzonile	propn
kellamees	propn
juni	propn
voorirahhast	propn
versorgungsfonds	propn
reimanile	propn
rädovere	propn
staupile	propn
veen	propn
kesselman	propn
jacob	propn
võsole	propn
briksi	propn
danila	propn
mäes	propn
jürisonil	propn
kergega	propn
janussele	propn
orge	propn
massukas	propn
voivodi	propn
hirt	propn
mitrifanovi	propn
samul	propn
lihula	propn
rosneck	propn
prussak	propn
palloperravallitseja	propn
ropkast	propn
sikka	propn
taniel	propn
oleski	propn
kulles	propn
ziberi	propn
käer	propn
kärtu	propn
niso	propn
hagel	propn
nigul	propn
kohto-pegel	propn
melantja	propn
hasplil	propn
politzei	propn
sulg	propn
undritse	propn
umblia	propn
kesse	propn
märtsonil	propn
mitri	propn
koppa	propn
biinige	propn
hendrikson	propn
mui	propn
arrakole	propn
tarvastust	propn
kährist	propn
stammi	propn
vilhel	propn
hindr	propn
pastak	propn
steinbachil	propn
püffel	propn
jaska	propn
tangson	propn
täksil	propn
vaitk	propn
breeks	propn
poling	propn
lübekit	propn
paks	propn
kuluteteto	propn
lüha	propn
rosneek	propn
olerile	propn
müürseppale	propn
ravelli	propn
lenk	propn
vättinge	propn
kärikele	propn
lepland	propn
kodavand	propn
vastse-kuustest	propn
akrest	propn
kõrdi	propn
titischev	propn
kinnas	propn
konts	propn
hammeril	propn
eichelmanni	propn
loov	propn
völmündre	propn
mariale	propn
neumannilt	propn
võigand	propn
urb	propn
nolge	propn
kontsi	propn
ketneri	propn
tiirikule	propn
siedre	propn
rautsin	propn
pokkalt	propn
sombak	propn
hansenberg	propn
vocki	propn
oinale	propn
briininge	propn
kibbali	propn
kibena	propn
kurristalt	propn
mõrro	propn
aleskei	propn
kärstna	propn
koslovi	propn
kantkülast	propn
soobel	propn
puurmani	propn
küti	propn
elm	propn
soukand	propn
freybergi	propn
kühil	propn
simmonn	propn
ronnison	propn
villemuse	propn
viherpu	propn
sirrulil	propn
hendriksohn	propn
kachre	propn
peril	propn
jürripäeval	propn
mitrofanov	propn
hainakuhja	propn
ohnale	propn
johhurga	propn
kärtmani	propn
varblanne	propn
maksiga	propn
endr	propn
speegil	propn
tõnissega	propn
anvtotjale	propn
schreiner	propn
külm	propn
kulbson	propn
perisostja	propn
pergmann	propn
taminile	propn
keblaste	propn
ivvaniga	propn
muhly	propn
protokoli	propn
vingli	propn
karsubov	propn
naruskile	propn
rehnungi	propn
tiio	propn
kesküla	propn
leiteni	propn
leppinde	propn
kihvas	propn
hausenbergi	propn
koiola	propn
anderson	propn
ürril	propn
patska	propn
rüütlit	propn
rikkard	propn
kaits	propn
tõhu	propn
suka	propn
kannale	propn
sass	propn
abramovi	propn
arandid	propn
räägiga	propn
bringvelt	propn
a.sass	propn
kuklas	propn
peterburgi	propn
tadoldrel	propn
korknopeli	propn
kosti	propn
järvakandist	propn
domainivalitsuse	propn
alexander	propn
rossoni	propn
ännilise	propn
kiseleva	propn
peebsenile	propn
sõlgiga	propn
suurmõtsal	propn
konn	propn
rautso	propn
solomin	propn
volkmannil	propn
palkovile	propn
kõnnelno	propn
kistuvingil	propn
siem	propn
pullanile	propn
vekkmanniga	propn
mauer	propn
lüisilt	propn
lassmanni	propn
evad	propn
treierile	propn
pedaja	propn
laventi	propn
tissil	propn
saavet	propn
balti	propn
marie	propn
christoph	propn
pruss	propn
kubjas	propn
kägi	propn
makarille	propn
lageus	propn
mustmann	propn
kitov	propn
müimine	propn
tonison	propn
laasi	propn
silgi	propn
tõnisson	propn
saarveldi	propn
paap	propn
ernit	propn
ärg	propn
lättile	propn
juri	propn
mäelookkale	propn
kõiv	propn
kolonitz	propn
asperi	propn
elleri	propn
vässa	propn
töllasson	propn
ivanil	propn
janipäivani	propn
antikule	propn
verro	propn
jan	propn
nerotile	propn
väike-rõngust	propn
kivastik	propn
lätte	propn
zernandit	propn
udre	propn
raavel	propn
sovik	propn
andre	propn
rautsep	propn
naanu	propn
pakkal	propn
gottlieb	propn
nahkru	propn
tavid	propn
listako	propn
kogre	propn
breeksil	propn
maksimal	propn
lillase	propn
ekaterina	propn
raadema	propn
ruusmanniga	propn
kivisild	propn
armolikule	propn
appelationi	propn
rein	propn
varunile	propn
säl	propn
kuulus	propn
tina	propn
paulile	propn
nukka	propn
körtiga	propn
orraval	propn
kristuvi	propn
tillissonil	propn
jansen	propn
maksimovil	propn
reina	propn
paurson	propn
kats	propn
veski	propn
ott	propn
birkenbaumi	propn
karijärve	propn
kukin	propn
allas	propn
jacobi	propn
vantka	propn
livad	propn
koolmann	propn
arumõisa	propn
viljus	propn
korknoplel	propn
varnjast	propn
pagoti	propn
tootsmannil	propn
turba	propn
paidele	propn
labil	propn
tõnu	propn
ristov	propn
kadak	propn
palle	propn
kannarikul	propn
ilmatsalu	propn
kaibuse	propn
polemamees	propn
prakle	propn
schwartsi	propn
mägra	propn
tolm	propn
perril	propn
latsi	propn
vedleril	propn
kochiga	propn
reinul	propn
kärnel	propn
peedut	propn
jukka	propn
rõõt	propn
kobbilusse	propn
jurrik	propn
siimole	propn
küllaots	propn
maggasivilja	propn
simmulandi	propn
juhansonile	propn
palo	propn
kero	propn
perandt	propn
kristuvile	propn
rami	propn
tikotaja	propn
luby	propn
tatti	propn
toovlile	propn
aabelil	propn
rühkal	propn
laar	propn
lobonale	propn
norden	propn
aadler	propn
posti	propn
reegoldi	propn
seeri	propn
vastse	propn
laursonil	propn
freiberg	propn
võssole	propn
kermas	propn
andreimann	propn
terieni	propn
kaddajale	propn
seerul	propn
müür	propn
undrits	propn
essal	propn
vilip	propn
saarva	propn
onrami	propn
tammiku	propn
tedder	propn
bährson	propn
sillale	propn
väre	propn
karlil	propn
kurrelätsest	propn
schonberg	propn
mikka	propn
ütt	propn
tomi	propn
pruulil	propn
tõddolt	propn
lena	propn
jefim	propn
jarl	propn
parind	propn
plesangohv	propn
pirk	propn
mattiesen	propn
dombergile	propn
kunsingil	propn
kogukonna	propn
viilut	propn
lievatile	propn
ärm	propn
pavelile	propn
alman	propn
kallastele	propn
patto	propn
käossar	propn
karle	propn
jürripävast	propn
osubuschkin	propn
ordnungsgerichti	propn
soosarist	propn
koolile	propn
müürseppa	propn
vörmüder	propn
vörstri	propn
murru	propn
eenkirja	propn
virre	propn
palkovi	propn
leppikule	propn
pallavallast	propn
kõivol	propn
hoff	propn
kimmi	propn
nagel	propn
amor	propn
rupsi	propn
johhan	propn
suht	propn
köösi	propn
kassopoja	propn
ile	propn
janzen	propn
jaas	propn
vak	propn
kimalane	propn
märzi	propn
luhaär	propn
kavvilda	propn
parmak	propn
kärreverre	propn
anni	propn
listakule	propn
kruustük	propn
sirgole	propn
kuslomile	propn
vända	propn
stahlberg	propn
preestri	propn
koggokonna	propn
köksi	propn
ivan	propn
sahkarohv	propn
leesikul	propn
könneles	propn
kalliperral	propn
tille	propn
vunk	propn
leppad	propn
liisul	propn
jurrison	propn
esak	propn
tiroga	propn
malmberg	propn
soone	propn
peetrele	propn
änniline	propn
almer	propn
lippule	propn
kõo	propn
vaeste	propn
sekk	propn
kuuksi	propn
trikkand	propn
karpsepa	propn
õmblos	propn
täkko	propn
tarti	propn
reikaga	propn
asper	propn
kaddunu	propn
türki	propn
vaherile	propn
parman	propn
sikkat	propn
vennad	propn
villemson	propn
vorsitze	propn
selle	propn
lippu	propn
olep	propn
andrusse	propn
kohtumeste	propn
lepikov	propn
vallavaneme	propn
radenberg	propn
leenu	propn
sutt	propn
kondikul	propn
thoma	propn
mitrisanov	propn
kolbergi	propn
jakovlevi	propn
eisenschmidt	propn
hermas	propn
tatter	propn
kurvits	propn
belovi	propn
vank	propn
kallassel	propn
kavasto	propn
leppikon	propn
tamingo	propn
thaliko	propn
tanni	propn
grosschmittile	propn
kops	propn
tannilas	propn
vöhma	propn
juannova	propn
pranglist	propn
sammul	propn
murrul	propn
kõrrist	propn
honel	propn
mällsoni	propn
leppa	propn
larm	propn
pabbo	propn
paulsoni	propn
ohman	propn
rääk	propn
malzmann	propn
undritsel	propn
avik	propn
jennes	propn
värva	propn
laur	propn
aloschkin	propn
sillaotsa	propn
bergman	propn
liina	propn
tannilasse	propn
lepind	propn
kubbermango	propn
juudit	propn
tartun	propn
soonvaldi	propn
veebe	propn
krisale	propn
tehvan	propn
udsari	propn
viktor	propn
sügisi	propn
taurson	propn
siad	propn
tiks	propn
leucfeldt	propn
saba	propn
pihalp	propn
niggula	propn
pihap	propn
vammusele	propn
risti	propn
nuggise	propn
siimon	propn
hirschi	propn
rumbile	propn
kartman	propn
hamkovi	propn
paio	propn
lauk	propn
sabosnik	propn
sergei	propn
oppetaja	propn
starikohv	propn
karner	propn
nadel	propn
vene	propn
neuhof	propn
värvole	propn
desatini	propn
luke	propn
paulmeistrile	propn
kool	propn
kubbu	propn
mihklele	propn
janussega	propn
väike-rõngu	propn
lillosson	propn
kusse	propn
külas	propn
prakli	propn
januaris	propn
kristlieb	propn
jürisoniga	propn
parve	propn
laurissoni	propn
kääring	propn
keddagi	propn
almiko	propn
petrele	propn
seene	propn
kasega	propn
sood	propn
takku	propn
sossar	propn
valgutan	propn
kaagverest	propn
vogel	propn
völlile	propn
kreus	propn
saarvelt	propn
jannas	propn
oppusleht	propn
mustale	propn
võssule	propn
vinkli	propn
kopeson	propn
kusmin	propn
saarele	propn
entmanni	propn
rautsini	propn
bergm	propn
kronole	propn
reialile	propn
lentsius	propn
spiridonov	propn
ripsil	propn
puskar	propn
narruskovile	propn
lust	propn
kirjan	propn
kantsin	propn
perremehe	propn
savostkin	propn
sõru	propn
kolbergtema	propn
meoksele	propn
juust	propn
loskitil	propn
besuchs	propn
mona	propn
ilu	propn
vilhelm	propn
tõnissonile	propn
villandil	propn
päll	propn
tsobbi	propn
kooraste	propn
behterile	propn
kieterile	propn
tõnnissonile	propn
ralja	propn
eiehelmann	propn
kruse	propn
lepson	propn
martsen	propn
liigand	propn
koonga	propn
schamardin	propn
uint	propn
naritsale	propn
janusse	propn
vasiljev	propn
viltman	propn
sumbak	propn
kontzile	propn
pihlakul	propn
andersoniga	propn
haggijas	propn
luikal	propn
kohtumeiste	propn
kõddar	propn
tillinga	propn
seider	propn
köiva	propn
marjale	propn
nigula	propn
kurnossov	propn
pillau	propn
kotkal	propn
tari	propn
enno	propn
minski	propn
koplile	propn
marjapäivani	propn
hansen	propn
tannu	propn
ermann	propn
mihail	propn
paletu	propn
kuklase	propn
vastopä-ado	propn
kurristal	propn
kalk	propn
entmann	propn
madalal	propn
mikulin	propn
nooden	propn
ekatrinad	propn
toolamaalt	propn
narusktrank	propn
sontagi	propn
melanjad	propn
uibolasti	propn
'	propn
jürri	propn
vassus	propn
mutsoga	propn
kutkinale	propn
login	propn
juhanni	propn
esse	propn
kärs	propn
aigru	propn
martinil	propn
nälg	propn
sonvaldile	propn
sonnile	propn
kike	propn
vilde	propn
tisleril	propn
kaebatud	propn
kõivu	propn
manusse	propn
tullitse	propn
laurbergile	propn
moisavalitsuse	propn
vinterfeldt	propn
gustale	propn
kabalast	propn
kiidjervelt	propn
tigane	propn
kristian	propn
kabriell	propn
tibbin	propn
kangi	propn
karla	propn
hansson	propn
jõgiga	propn
tadold	propn
luizile	propn
petrov	propn
padderniko	propn
aripmann	propn
lästil	propn
kuder	propn
freybergiga	propn
steinbach	propn
olerid	propn
taeverest	propn
pedajal	propn
kaevano	propn
tehvanile	propn
sokikka	propn
janseni	propn
luiska	propn
kässo	propn
duhov	propn
käino	propn
uotinja	propn
adra	propn
seppa	propn
paigaline	propn
domaineu	propn
pallosoni	propn
sonberg	propn
orrase	propn
haagel	propn
plaks	propn
kärikud	propn
elsele	propn
kaiker	propn
moses	propn
teinfeldt	propn
julius	propn
elena	propn
mihaili	propn
mumi	propn
freymannile	propn
peksol	propn
liit	propn
iesnohvil	propn
murrile	propn
kul	propn
kiumas	propn
tuule	propn
mätz	propn
palla	propn
suima	propn
mustve	propn
säse	propn
ärnits	propn
karike	propn
rossmanni	propn
pallu	propn
mõttusse	propn
pai	propn
perka	propn
himmaga	propn
makarjev	propn
torma	propn
hüttile	propn
jaasele	propn
rosenthal	propn
meening	propn
vriess	propn
armiga	propn
saremõtz	propn
muuga	propn
ülle	propn
vesile	propn
kissari	propn
pagot	propn
sammulil	propn
johannit	propn
lindusele	propn
entmannil	propn
tähkvere	propn
oidina	propn
apman	propn
liivatile	propn
andr	propn
tollasson	propn
ello	propn
ahvener	propn
vaskele	propn
jürripäival	propn
nordini	propn
undiga	propn
zea	propn
valla-	propn
arrisaare	propn
nautrasse	propn
richard	propn
võsso	propn
samulet	propn
kärik	propn
schwarz	propn
pärdil	propn
vedi	propn
pauski	propn
jäger	propn
paursoniga	propn
birn	propn
möistetu	propn
jaanus	propn
kustav	propn
garn	propn
politanovi	propn
aappi	propn
alte	propn
kassak	propn
jännesel	propn
keiserlikko	propn
kruuts	propn
jörgevitze	propn
müller	propn
juha	propn
järso	propn
priido	propn
leplandi	propn
vöölmünder	propn
pää	propn
hain	propn
tölpi	propn
kaubelno	propn
prido	propn
poleterra	propn
salomin	propn
nilble	propn
vidiko	propn
simoni	propn
brio	propn
kulbsoni	propn
seddä	propn
maijel	propn
rosenfeldt	propn
arrako	propn
danielile	propn
laursoni	propn
marja	propn
jaaksonile	propn
johnsil	propn
vanger	propn
reismann	propn
raagu	propn
kiskman	propn
tihhanovile	propn
sürgavere	propn
tunnistuste	propn
kuuda	propn
hallika	propn
adres	propn
blaubriku	propn
pastakuga	propn
jannese	propn
talrikud	propn
grosberg	propn
jännesele	propn
peepsi	propn
peterselliga	propn
leplanti	propn
joostiga	propn
lunian	propn
kerna	propn
kotta	propn
reihenberg	propn
hansole	propn
priksi	propn
tihvanovna	propn
reial	propn
janil	propn
johannson	propn
leesik	propn
pitkmanni	propn
harkman	propn
sorrok	propn
järrelseisva	propn
eeva	propn
gluchovi	propn
kikkaga	propn
rihmiga	propn
kammerin	propn
kägo	propn
pork	propn
tengal	propn
aur	propn
mõõtu	propn
erino	propn
feodorov	propn
lemingile	propn
mill	propn
olde	propn
veesveer	propn
dampf-kessel	propn
oja	propn
timofejev	propn
illi-olepi	propn
siimu	propn
sirk	propn
nutti	propn
kask	propn
voitka	propn
eesseisva	propn
reinomäele	propn
kamerist	propn
birki	propn
seemal	propn
suislepa	propn
reinomäggi	propn
gusta	propn
leet	propn
tikkopi	propn
vanamõisal	propn
siimonile	propn
kivimihkli	propn
paulman	propn
pusi	propn
podrätschik	propn
vastopäh	propn
kihvase	propn
ritsing	propn
lanson	propn
ungerson	propn
breigs	propn
harra	propn
kruutsi	propn
antik	propn
rebovoitra	propn
pärgile	propn
molleri	propn
thomson	propn
ria	propn
treifeldile	propn
labi	propn
sema	propn
manussele	propn
tõnissel	propn
talor	propn
goldberg	propn
kolu	propn
parveotsa	propn
serre	propn
verno	propn
friedrich	propn
kutsuno	propn
laatrest	propn
kurillovil	propn
vasiljevna	propn
sõgand	propn
zirme	propn
karik	propn
klantzi	propn
jaanipäival	propn
unti	propn
kohtule	propn
kanepi	propn
lulbergi	propn
trikkandiga	propn
velli	propn
sag	propn
keert	propn
funcke	propn
molliko	propn
paulmannil	propn
külaga	propn
kreiskohus	propn
valla	propn
kontiga	propn
trihvanovna	propn
laurson	propn
kanevere	propn
verri	propn
märitz	propn
vedeleri	propn
loha	propn
kautsioni	propn
ottender	propn
sakarias	propn
maria	propn
lilli	propn
anko	propn
oktoberi	propn
pimme	propn
rägo	propn
toh	propn
lukkul	propn
persitzky	propn
marmon	propn
tinnuri	propn
ostamann	propn
ramatu	propn
moistuga	propn
vammusse	propn
leis	propn
leitman	propn
vasseljev	propn
peihvelt	propn
kirstjan	propn
kustes	propn
voha	propn
tiitmale	propn
uhekson	propn
linder	propn
jürile	propn
lember	propn
lindeman	propn
annukale	propn
kükkit	propn
jaaksoni	propn
kulno	propn
paakohtomeess	propn
kasõchin	propn
lehepuu	propn
piibo	propn
kilak	propn
tikk	propn
kursi	propn
korgojal	propn
speeki	propn
roiga	propn
lepsid	propn
tehvanil	propn
pannovi	propn
muddas	propn
voogli	propn
tiit	propn
kaarik	propn
embak	propn
berg	propn
johaniga	propn
astavere	propn
jahr	propn
ramad	propn
suurkuuse	propn
peedmann	propn
tõise	propn
mäelt	propn
saarit	propn
hermal	propn
muuli	propn
riini	propn
kukkemelgi	propn
sokla	propn
joosepika	propn
sorroka	propn
marju	propn
mikko	propn
kohtule	propn
kukkemel	propn
vastemõisa	propn
biininge	propn
vissel	propn
suitso	propn
teppmann	propn
parasmaa	propn
linna	propn
tolmo	propn
zimmerman	propn
mägil	propn
sotski	propn
micheli	propn
malton	propn
kohliga	propn
aintzile	propn
dolgaschev	propn
tähkverrest	propn
zobelile	propn
kübarsepa	propn
sirgu	propn
põder	propn
suurkuusk	propn
maksi	propn
skovohodov	propn
närska	propn
peepule	propn
sare	propn
peetermanni	propn
vanamois	propn
alatskivil	propn
karel	propn
ahas	propn
lemberi	propn
peediuse	propn
kächri	propn
sageusse	propn
lota	propn
keermanni	propn
oijasson	propn
lepvalzi	propn
rükki	propn
reinu	propn
breeksi	propn
vana-koiolas	propn
ivanova	propn
märtin	propn
võssud	propn
vaikse	propn
rosmanni	propn
järsol	propn
klaosoni	propn
raveli	propn
köhre	propn
kohus	propn
armil	propn
luika	propn
nordinil	propn
simmile	propn
pavel	propn
kääni	propn
truusiga	propn
madvi	propn
porgil	propn
rihmil	propn
kaie	propn
artamov	propn
lint	propn
rossmann	propn
korits	propn
cristjan	propn
messangohv	propn
smirnovi	propn
kachri	propn
assmus	propn
noa	propn
udeile	propn
puraskil	propn
jurkotam	propn
brottocoll	propn
suvvel	propn
sadovnikale	propn
holstrest	propn
adamiga	propn
elisavetal	propn
marele	propn
pruulist	propn
kondsa	propn
tõnis	propn
kööleri	propn
patratschiku	propn
vell	propn
ladsi	propn
truusile	propn
paulmann	propn
dehniga	propn
uuerõika	propn
kübarsepp	propn
puha	propn
thomsoni	propn
tikkap	propn
mihkelsoni	propn
lukatzil	propn
hillip	propn
abrami	propn
lesjal	propn
paurits	propn
rano	propn
krimani	propn
paursoni	propn
ripsi	propn
volmre	propn
kuutsmann	propn
tohvriga	propn
tadri	propn
joro	propn
kuikatsidde	propn
kroonig	propn
antonile	propn
kirepi	propn
ipits	propn
lehtse	propn
nalkini	propn
breegsist	propn
sökkutaja	propn
zinna	propn
vakkamaade	propn
kolpakovi	propn
tiina	propn
thuule	propn
pällu	propn
tullekahju	propn
kärtman	propn
kurvitzeda	propn
kuslovi	propn
kussarohv	propn
reidolfi	propn
nedali	propn
merdi	propn
rootzi	propn
holstre	propn
vikkati	propn
tehvani	propn
liivakuga	propn
lutsepa	propn
antipov	propn
kartoli	propn
prontses	propn
poll	propn
vassilale	propn
laitusele	propn
sip	propn
jooso	propn
prüisile	propn
liisi	propn
purits	propn
hõdo	propn
leppisk	propn
mart	propn
laurisson	propn
päiva	propn
hermannil	propn
sergeijevi	propn
advocat	propn
veedlerile	propn
ollev	propn
kuuste	propn
päitsja	propn
kitsi	propn
vellest	propn
appelation	propn
vallavannem	propn
levol	propn
alaveer	propn
zögeverri	propn
tautsiga	propn
jungmanile	propn
pallootsa	propn
muld	propn
kallaste	propn
jerševile	propn
poig	propn
ikorahodov	propn
viiki	propn
vassila	propn
susar	propn
lindoki	propn
mironov	propn
saaresoo	propn
kimmita	propn
võrule	propn
tompil	propn
tammest	propn
kenkman	propn
alt	propn
tammele	propn
tiedemann	propn
tommolt	propn
frisch	propn
tepmann	propn
dombergilkui	propn
tatolder	propn
adole	propn
peebsen	propn
prükk	propn
mathiesen	propn
völlise	propn
budaschov	propn
lepsivad	propn
sallo	propn
ludvig	propn
lepa	propn
puumaa	propn
perg	propn
villemiga	propn
laugasson	propn
lamp	propn
enge	propn
rästas	propn
jefimov	propn
naruskovi	propn
veedleril	propn
blekner	propn
oleri	propn
pehrnale	propn
aunpu	propn
lembrile	propn
kasani	propn
virrole	propn
trussile	propn
rebane	propn
almeril	propn
sõrak	propn
lindemann	propn
reimann	propn
oinling	propn
vasseri	propn
akkertajale	propn
nillbe	propn
karro	propn
maerz	propn
annuse	propn
äint	propn
sonni	propn
kommusare	propn
villakin	propn
pika	propn
tautsi	propn
soonvald	propn
olli	propn
uhha	propn
vedlerist	propn
vaab	propn
kuresella	propn
naelale	propn
brottocolli	propn
kohtumehele	propn
klaossen	propn
kookile	propn
alatskivi	propn
savisaar	propn
möldre	propn
karpsoni	propn
triisa	propn
sultsil	propn
kubule	propn
pauskile	propn
better	propn
andrejev	propn
järs	propn
sokikkast	propn
haugassele	propn
märtinil	propn
ala	propn
lemingule	propn
köhler	propn
funkega	propn
takki	propn
parki	propn
loovile	propn
anukvrijevi	propn
pöltsamalt	propn
äksi	propn
klaost	propn
randa	propn
kinsigo	propn
riisanile	propn
zirnask	propn
kusik	propn
tann	propn
helmes	propn
prükka	propn
bruus	propn
nugise	propn
eichvaldi	propn
hainamaad	propn
puisko	propn
kontraktirahhast	propn
palite	propn
peksole	propn
mutsi	propn
puhzichtiga	propn
jurkotamme	propn
afonasjev	propn
vanast	propn
annus	propn
viilipus	propn
joseb	propn
damil	propn
virkhausenil	propn
maksimaga	propn
lüübekile	propn
külaotsa	propn
õmblusele	propn
peitli	propn
jegoriga	propn
andrule	propn
vore	propn
obrand	propn
lemingil	propn
valge	propn
süüallutses	propn
peatskivi	propn
hakman	propn
petrile	propn
toropi	propn
janikse-tallon	propn
ulbi	propn
kõival	propn
lindus	propn
feodosja	propn
mäee	propn
vöörmündre	propn
kannarik	propn
julil	propn
kubu	propn
müürsepa	propn
senerile	propn
terienil	propn
pedi	propn
lehma	propn
pirko	propn
pegli	propn
võitra	propn
lärm	propn
robensee	propn
aarna	propn
remmel	propn
petrel	propn
tamm	propn
kütsa	propn
liivakud	propn
karolile	propn
irinjaga	propn
ansu	propn
kudraschova	propn
dolgaschevile	propn
padi	propn
meedrile	propn
kaup	propn
kristuviga	propn
heinrich	propn
ausenberg	propn
partel	propn
pillal	propn
alexandriga	propn
maakonna	propn
vöörmondre	propn
loskited	propn
kersa	propn
tiidemann	propn
vöölmundri	propn
villem	propn
eenok	propn
pikson	propn
arjukene	propn
kirrepst	propn
marge	propn
kopli	propn
maksimovi	propn
kattre	propn
ramatun	propn
mollok	propn
matto	propn
tommo	propn
vidrikulle	propn
pimarentnik	propn
tlr	propn
tuksamile	propn
palti	propn
kenkmann	propn
noukas	propn
vötting	propn
herr	propn
lilmani	propn
piip	propn
venemaale	propn
kaara	propn
kasar	propn
köivo	propn
kirtsi	propn
kultsepp	propn
kerrikovölmünder	propn
judrale	propn
vastopähle	propn
häelm	propn
seemaga	propn
reimand	propn
liivon	propn
uue	propn
riimile	propn
suremba	propn
kata	propn
vahlbergile	propn
hatra	propn
sirak	propn
kolbergil	propn
mälton	propn
uusnast	propn
lelle	propn
mootse	propn
peebseni	propn
jõgi	propn
särge	propn
reiman	propn
soontakile	propn
pärniga	propn
feodorovna	propn
gamsina	propn
tõllasson	propn
postile	propn
unikülla	propn
paulmeistri	propn
koiduga	propn
audova	propn
brandt	propn
vahlbergil	propn
rabbase	propn
noks	propn
heindrik	propn
kaarli	propn
suuman	propn
kohv	propn
vassilij	propn
gustenbergi	propn
märtini	propn
kullono	propn
enok	propn
haska	propn
meijeril	propn
livak	propn
kuigatsi	propn
stück	propn
pauver	propn
contract	propn
kubjaga	propn
nahkur	propn
vastse-koiolan	propn
kogokonma	propn
kieter	propn
pokk	propn
fritzu	propn
vunki	propn
kräsochin	propn
kärt	propn
narrusk	propn
kurik	propn
niggulit	propn
villemi	propn
andresson	propn
reinold	propn
amorile	propn
päkohtumehele	propn
kilk	propn
valle	propn
suhovile	propn
kukku	propn
arrokast	propn
jurs	propn
evertson	propn
kinnasre	propn
klaosele	propn
renne	propn
schmid	propn
tibbari	propn
nõges	propn
kaibaja	propn
paats	propn
parmani	propn
karlovast	propn
lippinger	propn
hahn	propn
bergmanni	propn
lepandi	propn
remmelil	propn
abram	propn
tsernitschev	propn
reolast	propn
krigori	propn
fruktovi	propn
nemvalzi	propn
keek	propn
märtile	propn
küla	propn
soo	propn
kauvandi	propn
hermale	propn
vildfluch	propn
pärnale	propn
kaeno	propn
trangi	propn
leina	propn
karrast	propn
petsu	propn
herrale	propn
rootslanne	propn
nakla	propn
odder	propn
ristik	propn
kukki	propn
vällise	propn
piho	propn
ermanni	propn
obbese	propn
assmusele	propn
viinapuule	propn
kangru	propn
michelsonile	propn
võikmani	propn
küindla	propn
salel	propn
ano	propn
sullases	propn
vockil	propn
reinoldi	propn
viljuset	propn
klattenbergi	propn
jürgenson	propn
kuuski	propn
kristuvin	propn
kehrberg	propn
grünfeldt	propn
johanni	propn
reidolfiga	propn
luikale	propn
paapu	propn
praklile	propn
simmi	propn
gromovi	propn
sergeijev	propn
iprust	propn
krassile	propn
kaaru	propn
elblause	propn
balm	propn
daavit	propn
kop	propn
telve	propn
karijoe	propn
johann	propn
koslav	propn
lender	propn
hofgerichto	propn
vatko	propn
unuschov	propn
riidma	propn
kurgvel	propn
krigoland	propn
puskari	propn
pupli	propn
tarinoff	propn
sirgol	propn
rub	propn
lohmannil	propn
angul	propn
rother	propn
orunöme	propn
kentsi	propn
reinbaum	propn
pragi	propn
tähhe	propn
himma	propn
arandiga	propn
lepiko	propn
suure-veerksu	propn
kristjaan	propn
noppi	propn
drees	propn
mikkel	propn
kasan	propn
härmanile	propn
latten	propn
tolstoi	propn
tobru	propn
smirnovile	propn
kochi	propn
kärm	propn
jaskast	propn
kaski	propn
dreybladt	propn
ollesk	propn
lellepi	propn
kündmadda	propn
trubkin	propn
kielil	propn
torn	propn
kontrakt	propn
jakobi	propn
sillaots	propn
zolgo	propn
sõrul	propn
polakesse	propn
ivaskile	propn
peet	propn
naba	propn
maret	propn
ants	propn
varessel	propn
perrisostja	propn
värsile	propn
jaakob	propn
mihkli	propn
hennul	propn
lepmani	propn
froschil	propn
piriga	propn
reppastmäe	propn
lepaga	propn
kaevatav	propn
radovere	propn
eper	propn
rusmannile	propn
liivimaa	propn
natalie	propn
mihklipäivas	propn
tobre	propn
rosenfeldile	propn
abeli	propn
vähk	propn
reika	propn
laadikode	propn
naruskovile	propn
widrik	propn
küinla	propn
märastu	propn
nõost	propn
oijasooni	propn
tamsoni	propn
katre	propn
pihlapson	propn
toos	propn
konna	propn
nõmm	propn
kaerile	propn
klantz	propn
eilandiga	propn
kõrve	propn
sauter	propn
puuritse	propn
nahkrust	propn
pärnapuul	propn
pergmannile	propn
tomingast	propn
kitsbergi	propn
käest	propn
mai-orro	propn
pikasilla	propn
ottin	propn
täk	propn
leen	propn
sim	propn
saveli	propn
birkenbaum	propn
samoilov	propn
dannita	propn
märdiannil	propn
michail	propn
pausk	propn
korse	propn
vuncki	propn
ritzi	propn
brett	propn
täieealiste	propn
vabras	propn
märt	propn
mikalajevi	propn
teder	propn
jakov	propn
lorenzon	propn
sahkarohvi	propn
kars	propn
ekatrina	propn
de	propn
vikkat	propn
käiki	propn
lõstale	propn
kerrikun	propn
domberg	propn
lõhavere	propn
kuuse	propn
laossoni	propn
sülgaja	propn
andsul	propn
pokka	propn
kolgbergi	propn
hendrik	propn
vohlaga	propn
nürs	propn
kohhut	propn
zabbi	propn
till	propn
kingu	propn
kivisillal	propn
piiprelt	propn
sarrakusse	propn
nassoga	propn
kavastust	propn
vilipule	propn
terien	propn
podrätsik	propn
johanit	propn
valgutast	propn
han	propn
tönna	propn
ronnimees	propn
övvi	propn
oudova	propn
uvve	propn
ussin	propn
kissaril	propn
linnas	propn
ülkele	propn
keldno	propn
mäiko	propn
dobrega	propn
van	propn
klaosse	propn
adoga	propn
udeli	propn
paeole	propn
täda	propn
omedu	propn
bergi	propn
kammara	propn
ramul	propn
hüllimsoni	propn
tikkopel	propn
moos	propn
ulanov	propn
näksile	propn
kuldsepp	propn
kesvi	propn
kuslapuu	propn
dros	propn
udel	propn
valtsoon	propn
jakimile	propn
lõmpsi	propn
sadovtschik	propn
aleksandri	propn
puskarile	propn
kress	propn
vallitsuse	propn
vastopähile	propn
freyberg	propn
kulikovi	propn
maksil	propn
tschernitschevi	propn
endrek	propn
leplandil	propn
peetzmani	propn
johannile	propn
heermann	propn
pärnile	propn
linnak	propn
kogokonnavanemb	propn
änti	propn
parrol	propn
tonis	propn
lepisk	propn
johanniga	propn
livamägi	propn
meets	propn
landrat	propn
paulmani	propn
melonja	propn
klaasmanni	propn
jurnale	propn
karpson	propn
schulz	propn
paulmeister	propn
otepast	propn
aakrest	propn
laanel	propn
anu	propn
komissaar	propn
varamöist	propn
olti	propn
manni	propn
frejberg	propn
ulsti	propn
kal	propn
sark	propn
zvetkov	propn
turhsil	propn
mursi	propn
riimi	propn
kotkasel	propn
moistut	propn
kordile	propn
partzi	propn
koiv	propn
voimann	propn
tikkuga	propn
võsule	propn
armit	propn
tiiu	propn
vaabile	propn
sarv	propn
küüsla	propn
luunja	propn
kopsole	propn
lillas	propn
keik	propn
kabina	propn
schabbak	propn
muchin	propn
abstimmung	propn
rüütli	propn
purk	propn
mägi	propn
villik	propn
poio	propn
aadam	propn
mitrifanofil	propn
kimmaski	propn
kihva	propn
udrase	propn
veerksu	propn
ulstile	propn
terra	propn
tarre	propn
süntka	propn
tobraskil	propn
tikossoni	propn
juhan	propn
vejan	propn
lepvalziga	propn
gemäss	propn
kihhelkonna	propn
rebsom	propn
hava	propn
leidas	propn
vissusti	propn
back	propn
tov	propn
jaanile	propn
tõnissoni	propn
puchztsidi	propn
märtsul	propn
skaratumov	propn
konnon	propn
jegorov	propn
iir	propn
porila	propn
kessa	propn
sermus	propn
dreybladtil	propn
müürsep	propn
helme	propn
marten	propn
mustinge	propn
kravi	propn
kisa	propn
summa	propn
kevvade	propn
staube	propn
ounapu	propn
joosepi	propn
kassepa	propn
jõgara	propn
tanil	propn
tunistap	propn
kasgu	propn
herberi	propn
johannsonil	propn
kõrv	propn
speekil	propn
scaradumov	propn
kustenberg	propn
elmiga	propn
klose	propn
nopp	propn
ivvaskit	propn
piksonile	propn
pallo	propn
davet	propn
raal	propn
kõrtzin	propn
kõrdsist	propn
põlvast	propn
hels	propn
karlile	propn
päraha	propn
lausson	propn
võsse	propn
kärn	propn
laituse	propn
terraverren	propn
kondraschov	propn
kitzingu	propn
tallule	propn
rebson	propn
kõrvo	propn
januaril	propn
võso	propn
ditmar	propn
pauli	propn
sössarat	propn
tijo	propn
mihkeljan	propn
hants	propn
kotka	propn
perremehhe	propn
lepko	propn
lask	propn
pärsitzkile	propn
perlas	propn
lillimägi	propn
oru	propn
feltmannile	propn
saarjärvel	propn
opmann	propn
mikk	propn
grenzsteini	propn
magematz	propn
riidmas	propn
vannamoisa	propn
toomi	propn
klaossoni	propn
gluharov	propn
beihveltile	propn
plaksi	propn
kaarna	propn
maksimi	propn
antipoviga	propn
võhma	propn
saarest	propn
zuburna	propn
reinbergi	propn
hendrikole	propn
veskipois	propn
kullesse	propn
livländischen	propn
roik	propn
aroel	propn
tõlliste	propn
rullil	propn
johhurgavitz	propn
edesil	propn
vald	propn
tallviste	propn
rivesi	propn
pele	propn
vöölmündri	propn
kärikel	propn
rattaseppa	propn
riigi	propn
krooman	propn
järveperra	propn
kiis	propn
karja	propn
kuslovile	propn
verioral	propn
fensinge	propn
palalt	propn
mõisama	propn
viilile	propn
pusso	propn
rüggi	propn
sägna	propn
danita	propn
kekisehev	propn
pussi	propn
kullile	propn
oidrema	propn
jugova	propn
lepvalz	propn
zuping	propn
ruusmanni	propn
kondraschovi	propn
regelman	propn
jõe	propn
simun	propn
piir	propn
ürirahha	propn
prik	propn
tompson	propn
afremov	propn
naisson	propn
quittungi	propn
viiraga	propn
uhutal	propn
obbesevahhetusse	propn
hango	propn
kündlepäival	propn
poiol	propn
jakobit	propn
kihelkonnakohtu	propn
sock	propn
narusktrangi	propn
lingiga	propn
aruella	propn
everdi	propn
kusnezovil	propn
kuresaare	propn
jäksi	propn
krünberg	propn
madisoni	propn
rämmat	propn
shoeiner	propn
madvei	propn
kivi	propn
pihul	propn
tigu	propn
kardi	propn
kuremaalt	propn
valkad	propn
kavandi	propn
kontrakti	propn
länsoni	propn
aurile	propn
laugason	propn
tõnison	propn
adu	propn
kureselle	propn
kooki	propn
nitsikovile	propn
rande	propn
passi	propn
valitsusele	propn
peekmann	propn
stepanov	propn
jörgenson	propn
raul	propn
martinson	propn
moskva	propn
herm	propn
üdras	propn
sandi	propn
jaama	propn
vangre	propn
veelits	propn
lombile	propn
kompusse	propn
andri	propn
paapule	propn
sattik	propn
asmus	propn
almani	propn
perrajorv	propn
sapa	propn
sidarohv	propn
tomsoni	propn
kieterit	propn
kusmitsev	propn
titmaga	propn
katri	propn
himmelerichil	propn
murs	propn
pärt	propn
truus	propn
kivastikuga	propn
lorits	propn
märks	propn
rohti	propn
mõtsast	propn
holmbergi	propn
vussakust	propn
viikil	propn
nilbel	propn
kakunu	propn
kalliperal	propn
bergile	propn
jaaksoniga	propn
konstantin	propn
uusil	propn
taagepera	propn
aid	propn
pehopi	propn
savvi	propn
heino	propn
räst	propn
kaske	propn
ahjalt	propn
vernu	propn
kuresaarest	propn
mõtsa	propn
kaevatas	propn
kärraverre	propn
lepmanile	propn
pirnile	propn
traus	propn
kreiskohtu	propn
lorenzoni	propn
ehrmannil	propn
mõtsalind	propn
asma	propn
lille	propn
viinapuu	propn
kidjervelt	propn
tigasele	propn
madli	propn
kirhäid	propn
snetkov	propn
konon	propn
els	propn
taodsile	propn
mutt	propn
sergejev	propn
prikkile	propn
riisaniga	propn
riting	propn
bock	propn
antonovil	propn
lill	propn
ärnitz	propn
väimela	propn
bodarin	propn
andressonile	propn
salu	propn
michelsoni	propn
himm	propn
triinu	propn
tönno	propn
aunpul	propn
volkmanni	propn
munk	propn
mikita	propn
tepposki	propn
pergi	propn
parmatsov	propn
valgas	propn
iisak	propn
pae	propn
märtz	propn
miche	propn
sapantschev	propn
makejevile	propn
pedopetre	propn
alesandre	propn
narmas	propn
puurmanni	propn
luha	propn
kollamõtza	propn
välku	propn
seneri	propn
klaosonile	propn
kängseppäs	propn
iprus	propn
liisa	propn
vilmann	propn
palloperra	propn
parrinde	propn
lövve	propn
kuck	propn
printzmann	propn
löötsapill	propn
tolman	propn
sõssar	propn
rõibakovi	propn
saarvale	propn
jucht	propn
mäele	propn
tadoldrega	propn
davit	propn
luhsingel	propn
villemsonil	propn
trofim	propn
vöölmoldre	propn
jakobsonil	propn
pilk	propn
kurgvelli	propn
gustenberg	propn
dementi	propn
blanken	propn
anna	propn
roobel	propn
saal	propn
nõumehhe	propn
mihali	propn
jaaku	propn
suitze	propn
juli	propn
aintzi	propn
õmblus	propn
janussel	propn
harksoni	propn
ell	propn
kredit	propn
pärniti	propn
valgeresti	propn
nurk	propn
lübekile	propn
tuuter	propn
lillberg	propn
seero	propn
tullekassase	propn
kreosse	propn
semet	propn
aprilil	propn
vallavanembale	propn
kobak	propn
richma	propn
obet	propn
lobona	propn
valdo	propn
jaanussel	propn
arrula	propn
taar	propn
kaal	propn
pornusen	propn
peremees-Juhan	propn
livamäega	propn
verevkin	propn
pandi	propn
kusikul	propn
kortsin	propn
rammul	propn
tõhk	propn
ojassonile	propn
venemalt	propn
tüttar	propn
hainil	propn
juhas	propn
verrevale	propn
jaani	propn
leschnevile	propn
arm	propn
hanso	propn
raudsepa	propn
tenga	propn
tihhanovi	propn
sõlg	propn
johurga	propn
kahlu	propn
sootaga	propn
jakk	propn
köler	propn
pullisaare	propn
kioma	propn
luck	propn
laasile	propn
naritselle	propn
semma	propn
seeperra	propn
kurgveli	propn
dombergi	propn
orravad	propn
jõrgenitz	propn
juhkamsonil	propn
vaidoveres	propn
hend	propn
voldi	propn
parre	propn
valdson	propn
närskale	propn
kondasele	propn
moloki	propn
kapital	propn
marfa	propn
gottlib	propn
beckmanniga	propn
sööt	propn
alleksei	propn
vilja	propn
võika	propn
lisa	propn
truusa	propn
galafejevi	propn
lohmani	propn
manistja	propn
kurista	propn
dolgoi	propn
annusse	propn
mariga	propn
ostmann	propn
riismandel	propn
rentnikko	propn
jurri	propn
toomil	propn
rundal	propn
riia	propn
tannilassest	propn
erastvere	propn
käkkistano	propn
mutsol	propn
voltre	propn
hakmann	propn
ravendile	propn
villo	propn
krõõt	propn
tiivit	propn
tunistas	propn
haiale	propn
bahk	propn
volmril	propn
tigasega	propn
straussi	propn
roots	propn
tõno	propn
kikka	propn
uintile	propn
vaste-koiola	propn
leitmann	propn
jakupiga	propn
lukkel	propn
mosina	propn
nemvalzil	propn
kallis	propn
silgil	propn
nemetz	propn
võõpsut	propn
pollu	propn
rämmanil	propn
saveti	propn
alvear	propn
kondiko	propn
pollakul	propn
judra	propn
pbet	propn
tibinal	propn
luua	propn
polkus	propn
normanil	propn
varras	propn
pundert	propn
kiril	propn
külvmadda	propn
tihhedast	propn
vainoaluse	propn
riim	propn
panil	propn
vassil	propn
kukipa	propn
jurit	propn
parrolil	propn
mustamannil	propn
kopsu	propn
antonovi	propn
sulb	propn
lülle	propn
soonvaldid	propn
egloni	propn
dampt-kessel	propn
uibul	propn
põltsamaa	propn
elbrecht	propn
lalli	propn
parnapuu	propn
moistusel	propn
lobonal	propn
pallon	propn
äniline	propn
vaaksil	propn
evras	propn
berniti	propn
tontsikersna	propn
ranti	propn
luhal	propn
vildflusch	propn
linduse	propn
siirakule	propn
rosenthalil	propn
jännese	propn
härräle	propn
darja	propn
polakov	propn
kerreverre	propn
prasnova	propn
allatskivilt	propn
nano	propn
runinge	propn
mango	propn
veerloki	propn
kikkerpil	propn
norra	propn
kivvisaar	propn
vikkatiga	propn
kohtole	propn
prükku	propn
kärriste	propn
sängin	propn
moistetti	propn
kvitung	propn
pirn	propn
kolimaja	propn
karjos	propn
palu	propn
sõugandile	propn
veltsa	propn
kuldkeppi	propn
hani	propn
remmeli	propn
ivon	propn
tonisson	propn
linde	propn
mustla	propn
zolk	propn
nigulale	propn
vällis	propn
vassula	propn
natalja	propn
napritsoni	propn
peedsu	propn
karri	propn
gdovi	propn
konti	propn
erm	propn
vaino	propn
vunkist	propn
aroela	propn
kallite	propn
liller	propn
sägo	propn
kambjast	propn
obbesteriista	propn
tangsoni	propn
krootmanni	propn
juhhan	propn
kosalt	propn
maanuse	propn
stamm	propn
zirkule	propn
kreet	propn
kirsing	propn
kusta	propn
mihkaila	propn
udelile	propn
annusson	propn
indrik	propn
vohma	propn
mustingele	propn
rasva	propn
margusson	propn
paursonil	propn
besduhov	propn
inventaar	propn
uprus	propn
kübaral	propn
mõra	propn
mäksale	propn
loginale	propn
wakka	propn
välk	propn
malmi	propn
kongutas	propn
orinömme	propn
pajo	propn
kusikule	propn
käpa	propn
judrast	propn
tatjana	propn
john	propn
vallisel	propn
kliim	propn
merkulin	propn
vallast	propn
jekim	propn
task	propn
murasenov	propn
elisaar	propn
lukkelt	propn
maksoni	propn
punder	propn
prems	propn
lukatzid	propn
tallna	propn
pakohtomees	propn
jeva	propn
kristjaani	propn
jürjenson	propn
taavitse	propn
laber	propn
kahkvalt	propn
strause	propn
kanzveile	propn
maalman	propn
kiipsaar	propn
parrolile	propn
jürisoni	propn
rammolüüs	propn
rämmali	propn
gristov	propn
lukatziga	propn
dorfschmidti	propn
sonvald	propn
koddas	propn
rasvale	propn
ahveneri	propn
kukel	propn
mirka	propn
tiga	propn
lastile	propn
tommile	propn
räma	propn
kaska	propn
kärikul	propn
blaurik	propn
jakobson	propn
timusk	propn
nöörmann	propn
laidus	propn
kreiskohut	propn
tõnni	propn
vadi	propn
pois	propn
parrind	propn
länele	propn
vepper	propn
jallajas	propn
zobel	propn
jgnati	propn
kirrepi	propn
rosnfeldt	propn
tammissaar	propn
hallik	propn
majast	propn
hagelile	propn
konguta	propn
tiilikol	propn
jorman	propn
pratka	propn
jägerile	propn
karjamaa	propn
iii	propn
voimanile	propn
lübeki	propn
madi	propn
sultsi	propn
mäggi	propn
vastse-nõo	propn
matveile	propn
teppask	propn
neiupile	propn
kristo	propn
varno	propn
karjusse	propn
käijille	propn
kaos	propn
vakre	propn
veikese	propn
patzman	propn
bregs	propn
arosson	propn
petersell	propn
möisnikul	propn
pügile	propn
vöörmöndrile	propn
orravast	propn
vesi	propn
vabriku	propn
reinomäggile	propn
lipardi	propn
tihomirov	propn
labus	propn
sontaki	propn
preksil	propn
tsernischov	propn
noormäts	propn
luchar	propn
kuudal	propn
ranna	propn
makemats	propn
hermann	propn
werro	propn
kobbile	propn
tumm	propn
kussegi	propn
tivit	propn
tigasen	propn
savostkina	propn
kuust	propn
treial	propn
pruksiga	propn
onuschov	propn
rätseppaga	propn
palsingile	propn
käk	propn
peksi	propn
kaarel	propn
paulmannile	propn
parremb	propn
lehhes	propn
saksale	propn
lutsian	propn
valdnerile	propn
bringfeldile	propn
jakovlev	propn
langel	propn
pikro	propn
sorrokal	propn
gärtner	propn
tönise	propn
tapperson	propn
mihklipäivani	propn
puttoga	propn
haapso	propn
thalmann	propn
kaupi	propn
nordeni	propn
harmson	propn
kissar	propn
kiuma	propn
brikker	propn
raps	propn
roela	propn
mauerist	propn
gluhkavits	propn
sola	propn
mesipuu	propn
endri	propn
jonasson	propn
vigla	propn
kogg	propn
obligatsini	propn
pastakule	propn
vahha	propn
remli	propn
karjamaalt	propn
mikfeld	propn
taska	propn
parrindi	propn
cop	propn
livat	propn
vakausi	propn
kasele	propn
judit	propn
jonas	propn
kerku	propn
maakohtu	propn
tobrul	propn
raagile	propn
krasõchinaga	propn
kuusele	propn
parolile	propn
lätti	propn
kunder	propn
vöölmöldre	propn
ruusmanil	propn
vöölmönder	propn
mäksa	propn
vosmil	propn
kallist	propn
rõikakov	propn
kaskile	propn
naissonile	propn
kontrahtin	propn
peret	propn
leiten	propn
black	propn
rodenberg	propn
visse	propn
soomel	propn
roth	propn
kallipera	propn
kuusel	propn
urtheil	propn
talorah	propn
vlasov	propn
vohlat	propn
tõruvere	propn
zeamääle	propn
holtzmann	propn
rekandil	propn
tigase	propn
kuresele	propn
tilgeriga	propn
tisleri	propn
tartu	propn
hofgerichts	propn
vare	propn
lõhmuse	propn
turk	propn
paal	propn
maksima	propn
kaddai	propn
janr	propn
vaado	propn
pääsoke	propn
parmonile	propn
turkile	propn
nitsi	propn
arikol	propn
ronnimis	propn
hermanni	propn
rootsile	propn
gusarev	propn
hammarile	propn
johnsi	propn
sõugand	propn
eenkambrin	propn
kaunis	propn
operi	propn
hendrikul	propn
lõhmusse	propn
laosse	propn
kivinitsi	propn
domainen	propn
sagor	propn
bretti	propn
artemi	propn
melsare	propn
juula	propn
küivits	propn
nink	propn
endrikule	propn
kiigel	propn
adamihanso	propn
paulmeistril	propn
ürrilaga	propn
räissa	propn
paulberg	propn
simsonille	propn
pallandso	propn
pallel	propn
vuksil	propn
veskin	propn
zirkel	propn
pild	propn
ruhs	propn
leminge	propn
sidarov	propn
jõuram	propn
arrali	propn
kastre	propn
hammar	propn
võsu	propn
reichardt	propn
kaupmees	propn
kärtmaniga	propn
päkohtomes	propn
sabal	propn
käijile	propn
pekk	propn
reegoldist	propn
pedajale	propn
malman	propn
rublat	propn
mehhitsemae	propn
schulmann	propn
vara	propn
fortuna	propn
rohkus	propn
kamjast	propn
eduart	propn
jõksiga	propn
viljakuga	propn
rõõtu	propn
reinomägile	propn
salle	propn
vosmi	propn
jerom	propn
klaos	propn
rattasep	propn
koggokonnakohhus	propn
seemend	propn
ounap	propn
ramm	propn
kaarlit	propn
unnipichan	propn
sonnenbergil	propn
adel	propn
mikku	propn
kotzmann	propn
jurile	propn
sassa	propn
kuulap	propn
venne	propn
särrel	propn
jag	propn
anweisung	propn
teppor	propn
mannus	propn
eldringi	propn
jõgeva	propn
tomsonile	propn
maritz	propn
lenki	propn
sägal	propn
rulli	propn
rentirahha	propn
reigasi	propn
jacoby	propn
tori	propn
kaartsaare	propn
pikara	propn
jersen	propn
lummi	propn
joosus	propn
murrol	propn
carl	propn
reinkubjas	propn
jaen	propn
kalit	propn
ketner	propn
völli	propn
reihmann	propn
simm	propn
kolmann	propn
luchs	propn
priidu	propn
pornuse	propn
pügi	propn
protokollo	propn
reinbaumile	propn
lehberti	propn
nikiferov	propn
kitsing	propn
mällsonil	propn
keerman	propn
kalliperrad	propn
kople	propn
johanso	propn
marri	propn
riisan	propn
kuikatsi	propn
viilo	propn
gemeindegliedern	propn
kadrina	propn
naelaverest	propn
märtipäivani	propn
virkus	propn
leplandile	propn
lemtok	propn
leppiku	propn
kantzo	propn
just	propn
kolkja	propn
jõksi	propn
luizil	propn
joosep	propn
põdra	propn
mättas	propn
linnu	propn
gusthav	propn
toolamaa	propn
nursi	propn
vastse-	propn
kastrest	propn
meks	propn
kahmal	propn
soodla	propn
oriok	propn
pallaniso	propn
einmanile	propn
paulbergi	propn
toots	propn
politanov	propn
liiv	propn
eliger	propn
luuast	propn
oleriga	propn
tibina	propn
leentok	propn
kitsingo	propn
leppind	propn
moisavallitsus	propn
surest	propn
lilliveer	propn
tido	propn
murro	propn
kirilov	propn
funki	propn
rannusse	propn
oina	propn
beekmann	propn
embaki	propn
beckmanni	propn
anuvrijevi	propn
vooru	propn
locku	propn
tärn	propn
krimanilt	propn
plaksile	propn
röngo	propn
hendriksoni	propn
titisch	propn
rämm	propn
purga	propn
täkkol	propn
molloki	propn
jundsi	propn
messikap	propn
kaddajas	propn
oksion	propn
tõiset	propn
mili	propn
funkil	propn
pritsu	propn
neumann	propn
mosesse	propn
külaotsale	propn
neumannile	propn
zimmermann	propn
kiismani	propn
kuppi	propn
pisko	propn
röngost	propn
linderi	propn
rimmel	propn
johanile	propn
vismann	propn
petuhov	propn
naene	propn
varlamohv	propn
puskoril	propn
tarakvere	propn
christian	propn
mustiga	propn
lassmann	propn
jurkatom	propn
noormanni	propn
roos	propn
samsonovile	propn
annokale	propn
purgad	propn
torop	propn
ermani	propn
viljusse	propn
tallorahva	propn
kontrahti	propn
kotzmanniga	propn
maheina	propn
paab	propn
filip	propn
kurnaule	propn
leendok	propn
vana-	propn
jaakson	propn
palus	propn
priksiga	propn
röngon	propn
kihkonna	propn
pois-Karl	propn
eichvald	propn
kautzjoni	propn
mura	propn
mikitjev	propn
peetrel	propn
truusi	propn
alexandri	propn
kuluteto	propn
martinsen	propn
laiwaschen	propn
patenti	propn
niibo	propn
vääsa	propn
liva	propn
tibbar	propn
tiiedmanni	propn
ers	propn
tallost	propn
kasanole	propn
marguse	propn
quint	propn
tamissaarele	propn
sillaga	propn
lübel	propn
juuriku	propn
kalevile	propn
rammuli	propn
kirst	propn
ene	propn
plessangov	propn
juhana	propn
nõo	propn
hindo	propn
adeli	propn
ungersoni	propn
mikifer	propn
jutsi	propn
naese	propn
toovel	propn
sahgarohv	propn
sonvaldil	propn
mitter	propn
saarveltsi	propn
mallele	propn
mõisavalitsus	propn
jervel	propn
nissu	propn
mik	propn
larsonile	propn
liplapi	propn
immaküla	propn
schönbergist	propn
küüds	propn
kustas	propn
johani	propn
sälg	propn
paltsu	propn
vernot	propn
ivanovi	propn
arand	propn
treufeldt	propn
noilgo	propn
haslava	propn
poolake	propn
desatin	propn
leebiko	propn
jalaki	propn
vöörmönder	propn
kibbaliga	propn
villemsi	propn
seeme	propn
kristan	propn
torun	propn
purri	propn
karpa	propn
tartust	propn
karsubovile	propn
koonga-võringi	propn
konan	propn
eldringist	propn
akk	propn
koolmeister	propn
savastvere	propn
saamo	propn
kõrtsimees	propn
tiheda	propn
meetsi	propn
entkülas	propn
märtinad	propn
obeti	propn
luhsingile	propn
meijer	propn
undi	propn
nautras	propn
bubnovile	propn
kirsingo	propn
peekmani	propn
endrik	propn
teska	propn
narustranki	propn
praaklit	propn
reidolfu	propn
päkohtumees	propn
emilie	propn
tanel	propn
keermann	propn
kogogonna	propn
peterbori	propn
obese	propn
tami	propn
vaimastverest	propn
johansooni	propn
simula	propn
läppiste	propn
ränno	propn
enn	propn
himmelereichil	propn
jörgenitza	propn
laanil	propn
tivitile	propn
behter	propn
kotzmanni	propn
rass	propn
marmonn	propn
birk	propn
vottin	propn
rüps	propn
lassi	propn
krimanin	propn
mikolajev	propn
tärt	propn
goldhammer	propn
lilber	propn
reikmanni	propn
kruusi	propn
partz	propn
vechr	propn
alekseid	propn
tölp	propn
wrangelshof	propn
ustinja	propn
missik	propn
suurmõtsa	propn
arpmannil	propn
puurits	propn
opmanni	propn
nurm	propn
koolikohtumeest	propn
mastil	propn
evert	propn
duckershof	propn
kukipä	propn
akkertaja	propn
soonvaldile	propn
rummaski	propn
vitriket	propn
tiirikil	propn
käsper	propn
labani	propn
oinlengi	propn
vanke	propn
himmelreichi	propn
laane	propn
sälgil	propn
allov	propn
rosini	propn
mihklipäival	propn
nigulile	propn
constantin	propn
seep	propn
beifeldile	propn
kõivle	propn
marget	propn
zeitungile	propn
tuustik	propn
unt	propn
maksimil	propn
räpinast	propn
susaar	propn
krissa	propn
neumanni	propn
vilman	propn
soonberg	propn
peddäja	propn
kahk	propn
antipovile	propn
konsa	propn
juhab	propn
borodkina	propn
samsonov	propn
hüssi	propn
klaoseni	propn
lisu	propn
tönis	propn
teppaski	propn
kihelkon	propn
tilsist	propn
ruint	propn
nopsile	propn
silld	propn
tautsile	propn
suup	propn
rättaseppa	propn
tehvaniga	propn
viira	propn
vipper	propn
meije	propn
jürison	propn
punnori	propn
posle	propn
tõn	propn
masing	propn
kusiku	propn
mihke	propn
regenschirm	propn
ketto	propn
reidolfil	propn
palloperräst	propn
tonno	propn
kristjani	propn
marilu	propn
laak	propn
kürvitse	propn
koff	propn
veodor	propn
lõhmust	propn
neumannil	propn
vidike	propn
laats	propn
ernst	propn
helena	propn
tode	propn
avalombi	propn
kooli	propn
völmündrele	propn
kalliti	propn
mällo	propn
aga	propn
kolipois	propn
luiga	propn
kokora	propn
sulzi	propn
valitsuse	propn
laveti	propn
allikod	propn
koschov	propn
rahhi	propn
veador	propn
kolberg	propn
mütt	propn
rosenberg	propn
gromovil	propn
eespäival	propn
reinole	propn
varblane	propn
kallisse	propn
arnitz	propn
natuse	propn
saare	propn
eichelman	propn
orlov	propn
baarti	propn
tohver	propn
zernandile	propn
unnipihan	propn
kassile	propn
papperd	propn
marti	propn
eplar	propn
vakkamaad	propn
moloka	propn
maltoni	propn
retsnik	propn
karriste	propn
lane	propn
tallina	propn
palka	propn
maijerit	propn
timmermannile	propn
koidu	propn
kerkile	propn
paltso	propn
reigasil	propn
hageli	propn
mitska	propn
retsep	propn
kurgvellil	propn
postiga	propn
eichvaldt	propn
annuson	propn
ergens	propn
vällaotsa	propn
kingust	propn
maeaperemees	propn
verevi	propn
haugas	propn
röngust	propn
vojeikov	propn
ranno	propn
kehrbergil	propn
kalliperra	propn
kirriko	propn
veldmann	propn
jaansonile	propn
roosenthal	propn
schwartz	propn
orjok	propn
parmov	propn
reimandi	propn
saviku	propn
vaske	propn
sillal	propn
mustil	propn
mütti	propn
pärnapuu	propn
sipp	propn
moistule	propn
paträtsik	propn
döring	propn
sure-kongota	propn
beifelt	propn
plahnil	propn
samoel	propn
purki	propn
reinvaldi	propn
freyle	propn
hofgerihti	propn
kärneri	propn
vildfluschi	propn
triino	propn
rihmale	propn
karrago	propn
päiv	propn
lehepuule	propn
koigo	propn
viking	propn
pärnapuud	propn
magemats	propn
visnapuu	propn
pter	propn
trikkandi	propn
nurmis	propn
saul	propn
valla	propn
hermani	propn
molokat	propn
richmi	propn
nolje	propn
holzmann	propn
sageus	propn
puistaja	propn
andersonil	propn
danielil	propn
kehrbergi	propn
beckmanil	propn
röa	propn
tiiliku	propn
lepp	propn
pritz	propn
ollissaar	propn
savi	propn
luht	propn
obriko	propn
naruskov	propn
uibot	propn
tirole	propn
siberis	propn
vammuse	propn
nabal	propn
pati	propn
emä	propn
pihkva	propn
vastemõisast	propn
nikolai	propn
retsnikule	propn
manus	propn
latset	propn
kõrtsimehel	propn
suurmõts	propn
malm	propn
birni	propn
jugusi	propn
laijus	propn
tulle	propn
adamil	propn
elisaveta	propn
lentsiust	propn
juhanson	propn
lea	propn
vallavannemb	propn
obrandiga	propn
bergmannil	propn
sallol	propn
saamot	propn
marina	propn
karjamoisa	propn
arrolast	propn
samsonile	propn
briggo	propn
starikovi	propn
juhkamson	propn
nappassoni	propn
kessel	propn
tiiule	propn
tarmi	propn
oidinkale	propn
käik	propn
mert	propn
värs	propn
venemaal	propn
oinbergi	propn
jakealust	propn
mihaila	propn
kustenbergi	propn
saarfeltd	propn
rammu	propn
gemeindeurtheils	propn
timse	propn
kirrilov	propn
mõisajärw	propn
tõruweri	propn
puustusjärw	propn
walkare säär	propn
walgeraba laugas	propn
rooweri	propn
kolajärw	propn
kalle weski pais	propn
sõmerpalau waresejärw	propn
wagula	propn
wastse-roosa peräjärw	propn
wasalemma	propn
wõidujärw	propn
astuwere	propn
wäikjärw	propn
wõitra	propn
kõtajärw	propn
waia	propn
naelaweri	propn
korw	propn
warõsjärwd	propn
punikweri	propn
plaan külajärw	propn
süwalepp	propn
suur kolmekiwurahu	propn
wõinete	propn
kiwijärw	propn
haawistu	propn
kooraste kõwwõrjärw	propn
kaasjärw	propn
olewikare	propn
turujärw	propn
pikkjärw	propn
saagjärw	propn
kiiowa	propn
wõrkrahu	propn
toowere	propn
pandiweri	propn
wastemõis	propn
partsi külajärw	propn
kõiwsaar	propn
ratwa	propn
weinjärw	propn
järweoja	propn
wäike-lähtru	propn
wastsekiwi	propn
wäike-keep	propn
kalliweri	propn
tihku wäikejärw	propn
kiwar	propn
wälta	propn
sawiorg	propn
kremessowa	propn
sawioja suur-soojärw	propn
wäheru	propn
järwere	propn
kiiwi	propn
nelijärw wahejärw	propn
tulijärw	propn
arawesite	propn
hawijärw	propn
kurtna wäike-linajärw	propn
warn	propn
nelijärw linajärw	propn
nohipalojärw	propn
hottejärw	propn
werew	propn
nikerjärw	propn
kiruwere	propn
waidawere	propn
olehkowa	propn
äntu walgjärw	propn
reastwere	propn
willamaa	propn
wohnja	propn
pangli karujärw	propn
kiwa	propn
koitjärw kiwijärw	propn
waiste põhjajärw	propn
liiwajärw	propn
tsopa kogrejärw	propn
woor	propn
woki-tamm	propn
wooreküla	propn
üwarjärw	propn
randweri	propn
wana-kuunete	propn
karijärw	propn
kõwaküla	propn
taewaskoda	propn
kuritne weskijärw	propn
worst	propn
wäike-tjuka	propn
tuhkrijärw	propn
waling	propn
kurtna suurjärw	propn
wiidas	propn
wilussaar	propn
wahekari	propn
kalijärw	propn
kast rannajärw	propn
holstre kullijärw	propn
wahakulm	propn
kolmekiwirahud	propn
kurejärw	propn
wennat	propn
tsolgo kõwerjärw	propn
peenjärw	propn
neeru orajärw	propn
kellamägi wäikejärw	propn
swiby	propn
sageweri	propn
wööla meri	propn
tsolgo mustjärw	propn
werioramõis	propn
kaanjärw	propn
wäike mutijärw	propn
rõhk umbjärw	propn
wäike-niinsaar	propn
weetka	propn
loodewahe laht	propn
järw	propn
larw	propn
kuiwarahud	propn
waopere	propn
tikkjärw	propn
kulpjärw	propn
tääglowa	propn
aula-wintr	propn
koowäli	propn
ähijärw	propn
aruwald	propn
wesitükk	propn
kuigel kogrejärw	propn
tanijärw	propn
räbijärw	propn
kaagjärw	propn
nootjärw	propn
rawila	propn
pedejärw	propn
wissulaid	propn
wõrkerahu	propn
wadi	propn
kuiwajõgi	propn
pannijärw	propn
laew	propn
wäike-kooraste	propn
kureweri	propn
wiisk	propn
aheru raudjärw	propn
ulaskowa	propn
sulustwere	propn
wäike-wirn	propn
hummul järw	propn
wilidu	propn
wiitina karijärw	propn
essemäe linnajärw	propn
suur kaswandulump	propn
karula linajärw	propn
wäike-prangli	propn
walgemets	propn
wäänikweri	propn
misso palujärw	propn
seljajärw	propn
aswa	propn
punasekiwi rahu	propn
wäitjärw	propn
hannijärw	propn
raaduwere	propn
prangli karujärw	propn
wällamäe keskjärw	propn
wäike wõrtsjärw	propn
wetla	propn
laiusewäli	propn
wõiard	propn
wirwe	propn
kubi wähkjärw	propn
wõrkla	propn
juss suurjärw	propn
tuulowa	propn
wesner	propn
kosowa	propn
luhasuu mustjärw	propn
tulejärw	propn
waemla	propn
wiims	propn
suure-weerksu	propn
kiwi	propn
kreo wäikejärw	propn
tessowa	propn
kõwerlaid	propn
wanalne	propn
ojajärw	propn
medaljärw	propn
araweri	propn
alest karjäärijärw	propn
koeraweri	propn
mädajärw	propn
lewi	propn
jämedasarw	propn
lammastejärw	propn
samblajärw	propn
wanade	propn
wihmjärw	propn
nõmmejärw	propn
suur wiitina	propn
peresi umbjärw	propn
ähijärw wahejärw	propn
muti umbjärw	propn
walipe	propn
pikajärw	propn
soewa	propn
wäike-urwe	propn
pajuweski	propn
suur kirjakjärw	propn
wäike soojärw	propn
ruskawere nõmmejärw	propn
bobrowa	propn
leew mustjärw	propn
auweri	propn
waresmets	propn
tõiwere	propn
kõrtsjärw	propn
wõõbu pühajärw	propn
wisnapuu	propn
linaleojärw	propn
kootsjärw	propn
wasiklaid	propn
haljawa	propn
aidu-liiw	propn
kõrwenurk soojärw	propn
orgjärw	propn
karula linnajärw	propn
wiisk samblajärw	propn
põlula kõwerjärw	propn
plaan perajärw	propn
kuura kogrõjärw	propn
wilusi	propn
raadiweri	propn
plaan walgejärw	propn
weneküla	propn
hiieweski paisjärw	propn
wak	propn
meelwa	propn
äntu wahejärw	propn
manniwa	propn
maaslowa	propn
kirjakujärw	propn
kalw	propn
kirikumägi linajärw	propn
korijärw	propn
wagu	propn
kogõrjärw	propn
tartussaar tagajärw	propn
otepää walgjärw	propn
wagu	propn
wiht	propn
õwanurm	propn
wäike kikkajärw	propn
waiste umbjärw	propn
walga	propn
stor wike	propn
wahelaugas	propn
wõhme	propn
emmuwere	propn
wintse	propn
perätsjärw	propn
tahewa	propn
lutikas sawijärw	propn
erastwere linajärw	propn
wällamäe perajärw	propn
wäimela mäejärw	propn
kõrkweri	propn
wod	propn
kurtna kastjärw	propn
walkare	propn
pärsikiwi	propn
pärst wäikejärw	propn
nõmmoja kalajärw	propn
kalwre	propn
saudikjärw	propn
rawe	propn
sawioja	propn
kanep palujärw	propn
urbuksejärw	propn
partsi kõrdsijärw	propn
liwa	propn
nohipalo soojärw	propn
suur umbjärw	propn
tiidu-wäikejärw	propn
kaewandu	propn
lutikajärw	propn
wõllas	propn
wullikrunn	propn
müürijärw	propn
tarwasjõgi	propn
metsawäli	propn
waiwara	propn
kõrwetagune	propn
jäneda allikajärw	propn
meenikunnu keskmäne suujärw	propn
waidawa	propn
wäike wirn	propn
jädiwere	propn
kurtna wäike linajärw	propn
elwa wäikejärw	propn
wäike mäeräima	propn
wõrgurahu	propn
sääsekõrw	propn
paloweer	propn
sipelgas linajärw	propn
wasikalaid	propn
trumbipalau mudajärw	propn
widri	propn
walguta	propn
leewijõgi	propn
laos walgjärw	propn
kurgjärw	propn
saalune kõrtsijärw	propn
koigu kogrõjärw	propn
piigand kogrõjärw	propn
kiwi-wigala	propn
kiwiõli	propn
parika wäikejärw	propn
waiste	propn
koplijärw	propn
wedu	propn
wiljakse	propn
metsaweri	propn
jääw	propn
aoweri	propn
nõwa	propn
walkla	propn
kuiwarahu	propn
wihkla	propn
neeru tagajärw	propn
suur marujärw	propn
wiiruste	propn
warbla	propn
wiigjärw peräjärw	propn
raatwere	propn
kostiweri	propn
pisike nihujärw	propn
koseweski	propn
wanik	propn
kõrbjärw	propn
wiinakoda	propn
kõrweküla kernu	propn
wälg	propn
watsküla	propn
wiisuküla	propn
oraw mõisajärw	propn
reinewere	propn
wõõpsu	propn
mõtsawaar	propn
werg	propn
selgjärw	propn
joosu sawijärw	propn
niitsikk paisjärw	propn
wahelaid	propn
liiwarahu	propn
timpre kogrejärw	propn
aruküla mädajärwe	propn
allikajärw	propn
ruhijärw	propn
undwa	propn
wihtra	propn
kirikuwald	propn
wäike loosalu	propn
nõwajärw	propn
kaarnajärw	propn
taadikwere	propn
wiidumägi	propn
wirtsjärw	propn
westla	propn
pärnjärw	propn
kalmetjärw	propn
wäike-nõmmküla	propn
mallawere	propn
willakweri	propn
tahkuna suurjärw	propn
walasti	propn
järwesild	propn
wätta	propn
koigi pitkjärw	propn
pahawald	propn
jaanijärw	propn
wägew	propn
waibla	propn
pahuwere	propn
wälunete	propn
kullijärw	propn
nõlwasoo	propn
koloreino edejärw	propn
wääna-jõesuu	propn
waist umbjärw	propn
wiluweri	propn
tsolgo pikkjärw	propn
wintr	propn
tiidujärw	propn
ida-wiru	propn
marojärw	propn
kiwijärw	propn
lidwa	propn
wissulaid	propn
leiwajõgi	propn
padojärw	propn
kangrujärw	propn
kautsjärw	propn
juss linajärw	propn
häälijärw	propn
metstuba ümarjärw	propn
krüüdner kogrejärw	propn
annikwere	propn
leppsild ännijärw	propn
soojärw	propn
holwant kiwijärw	propn
liiwaküngas	propn
rasw	propn
kõwer wäikejärw	propn
järwesoo laugas	propn
sawikott	propn
peraküla allikajärw	propn
wõrusoo	propn
eesjärw	propn
kaatsjärw	propn
ristijärw	propn
waht	propn
tils pikkjärw	propn
waresejärw	propn
soitsejärw	propn
aawilaid	propn
wäikejärw	propn
anutakse laugasjärw	propn
wirma	propn
wiruküla	propn
wõidiwere	propn
wäänel	propn
rehujärw	propn
põhtjärw	propn
sirgjärw	propn
aknajärw	propn
wiisireiu	propn
wähilo	propn
listaku suujärw	propn
wiljandimaa	propn
pikaweri	propn
metstuba mudajärw	propn
ristimuru kogrijärw	propn
jaaniweski	propn
aeljärw	propn
ida-wirumaa	propn
tõrwajõgi	propn
walgerahu	propn
kaukwere	propn
koitjärw	propn
tagajärw	propn
kõwer wäikujärw	propn
kalajärw	propn
warnja	propn
rohussaar mustjärw	propn
ikujärw	propn
kuppjärw	propn
kiwisild linajärw	propn
ediwere	propn
kurtna liiwjärw	propn
elujärw	propn
wanaweski allikajärw	propn
ümarjärw	propn
sinikjärw	propn
keelwa	propn
wendine	propn
nõmm mudajärw	propn
ämmassaar haugjärw	propn
wäike rauba	propn
lääne-wirumaa	propn
taawet	propn
ahnejärw	propn
männik wäikejärw	propn
kodijärw kiwijärw	propn
kawaru	propn
nawest	propn
näkijärw	propn
lemuwere	propn
leetwa	propn
wäljaküla	propn
wäike-pungerja	propn
walgu	propn
sawilööw	propn
weda	propn
kaewussaar	propn
kauks linnajärw	propn
karala salujärw	propn
wees	propn
wedernika	propn
wäikesilm	propn
karula ahnejärw	propn
pannjärw	propn
wäljatagune	propn
küläjärw	propn
weisejärw	propn
kastolats kolmjärw	propn
telwemaa	propn
külmjärw	propn
wokijärw	propn
wastse-roosa	propn
kallaweri	propn
weia	propn
walgejõgi	propn
wiliwald	propn
wiskla	propn
winn	propn
kalew	propn
nõbu karujärw	propn
walgehobusemägi	propn
ork linajärw	propn
keema suurjärw	propn
ihamaru palojärw	propn
pütaljärw	propn
wanaküla	propn
sargwere	propn
tallijärw	propn
suur wiitna	propn
kraaw	propn
imawere	propn
karula sibulajärw	propn
wana-winn	propn
abja-wanamõis	propn
nõmmoja wäikejärw	propn
wäike pakasjärw	propn
roniweri	propn
naestejärw	propn
kuuljärw	propn
kääbas palojärw	propn
külmajärw	propn
waher	propn
mustakiwi	propn
keressaar umbjärw	propn
pööraweri	propn
suurwiire	propn
wäikene tiidujärw	propn
lawats	propn
wiinamart	propn
männikjärw	propn
winsk	propn
nõmmjärw	propn
wõide	propn
kawand wäikejärw	propn
wiirekare	propn
ruhwe laid	propn
kalmejärw	propn
paliweri	propn
lohkwa	propn
mõujärw	propn
wodijärw	propn
wäike-antsulaid	propn
metskaew	propn
suur wiirelaid	propn
esimene kaanjärw	propn
järwa	propn
pidajärw	propn
põwwa	propn
waik	propn
ilmjärw	propn
soeots mustjärw	propn
ulw laugas	propn
korijärw	propn
wõru mustjärw	propn
kiwinõmm	propn
suujärw	propn
lüügnitne umbjärw	propn
kõwe lõugas	propn
peatskiwi	propn
wistla	propn
waskjõgi	propn
lõwask	propn
2. wõõpsu	propn
kopsujärw	propn
rääkjärw	propn
wäike munamägi	propn
wäike tammik	propn
hirwli	propn
tuuljärw	propn
wäike-kats	propn
wiims pank	propn
wiirapalu	propn
haawakiwi	propn
suur pehmejärw	propn
wiruweri	propn
wõiweri	propn
leewätt	propn
wäike-rake	propn
waharu	propn
wäiku-keem	propn
mullaweri	propn
arwila	propn
worms	propn
kitsejärw	propn
sawikoda	propn
lewa	propn
warsarahu	propn
ahnõjärw	propn
kärnjärw	propn
ahitsejärw	propn
wahetükk	propn
koorküla walgjärw	propn
tegowa	propn
telwe	propn
wana piiganete	propn
partsi mõisajärw	propn
arula wahejärw	propn
palomets pikkjärw	propn
wõhm	propn
nelijärw ahwenajärw	propn
lootwina tsõõrikjärw	propn
wana-koiola suujärw	propn
wana-wigala	propn
molo?wa	propn
wallijärw	propn
wainu	propn
udriku wäikejärw	propn
wäike-asalaid	propn
wäike nõmmejärw	propn
sauwäli	propn
kelwing	propn
orejärw	propn
mudajärw	propn
wäike-tulpe	propn
tohwr kogrõjärw	propn
päidla ahwenjärw	propn
pühamägi laijärw	propn
aawere	propn
panijärw	propn
sinikejärw	propn
wikipalau	propn
warõsjärw	propn
kasispea wäikelugud	propn
wäike-suuremõis laht	propn
konnajärw	propn
lembeweri	propn
kiwitamm	propn
tõdwa	propn
wisela	propn
paawelka	propn
püksijärw	propn
kooraste pikkjärw	propn
paluott tsõõrikjärw	propn
wiilup	propn
holstre linajärw	propn
paklajärw	propn
wändra	propn
wäike palujärw	propn
tiduwere	propn
kawilda	propn
kriiwa	propn
wõhmuta	propn
köstrijärw	propn
särikjärw	propn
pat?kowka	propn
wilama	propn
wassewere	propn
kiweslaid	propn
mäekiwi	propn
assikwere	propn
harkujärw	propn
tsiamäe kõwwõrjärw	propn
juss pikkjärw	propn
weesjärw	propn
surwa	propn
jõhw	propn
wäike-tammik	propn
wehmerjärw	propn
lüüsjärw	propn
kullaweri	propn
kiwilõpe	propn
mahtra mudajärw	propn
keraweri	propn
tartusaar tagajärw	propn
listaku soojärw	propn
waindlood	propn
wäike uljaste	propn
keawa raba laugas	propn
kõrwernurk käpajärw	propn
preeksa soojärw	propn
waljalg	propn
mehikoorem umbjärw	propn
uibo mustjärw	propn
kautla mudajärw	propn
riidjärw	propn
kaarjärw	propn
wohisaar	propn
soodajärw	propn
woka	propn
weskijõgi	propn
wikk	propn
naistekiwimaa	propn
wohioja	propn
nelijärw sisalikujärw	propn
kellaweri	propn
saleweri	propn
wõsiwere	propn
wastsetare	propn
kiwilaid	propn
pühameeste wäikejärw	propn
wehend	propn
järwaküla	propn
perätjärw	propn
wõrgurahud	propn
weadla	propn
wimbland	propn
wiinakuajärw	propn
wäike kõrbjärw	propn
päriwere	propn
wõistesaar	propn
koorweri	propn
kapajärw	propn
laanemets mustjärw	propn
sawimägi	propn
kolmjärw	propn
palwere	propn
kurwitne	propn
tänawjärw	propn
wiss	propn
wõmmorski	propn
aastajärw	propn
liiwasäär	propn
wäike järwi	propn
seretsüwä	propn
alumine waika	propn
peraküla mustjärw	propn
worstimägi	propn
wähelugud	propn
kuusikjärw	propn
waltu	propn
budowi?i	propn
wäike haanja	propn
warpe	propn
wana-worst	propn
kernu mädajärw	propn
antkruwa	propn
wiisjärw	propn
kõwerik	propn
nõnowa	propn
popowits	propn
wäike laht	propn
ristiwäli	propn
eiwere	propn
herjawa	propn
wäike kaugjärw	propn
pühameeste pikkjärw	propn
kaawe	propn
sätsuwere	propn
kaasikwäli	propn
wiisk kõwerjärw	propn
pesujärw	propn
naswa	propn
põrgujärw	propn
põrmujärw	propn
wisust	propn
wellawere	propn
kaagjärw	propn
paukjärw	propn
käreweri	propn
wäike kolmekiwirahu	propn
ihamaru palujärw	propn
timo mustjärw	propn
wanajarwe	propn
tõrawere	propn
kawandu wäikejärw	propn
wall	propn
ratasjärw	propn
wööle meri	propn
järwselg	propn
mäestjärw	propn
kiwissaar	propn
ainejärw	propn
pruntowa	propn
keawa	propn
kaiawere	propn
wäike-härjarahu	propn
karula sawijärw	propn
rabaweri	propn
wanakubja	propn
üüwere	propn
tarakwere	propn
wartaauk	propn
hatik kogrõjärw	propn
wirosi	propn
põikweri lõpp	propn
männik liiwakärjäär	propn
wäike-sillaots	propn
saadjärw	propn
timpr kogrejärw	propn
wäike rebasejärw	propn
suur järwi	propn
wiimakse	propn
mäsajärw	propn
suur kaksjärw	propn
ilmjärw	propn
wõhme suurjärw	propn
wankne	propn
wesi	propn
matsimägi pühajärw	propn
wäike pakane	propn
wõidula	propn
sawastwere mustjärw	propn
pihanasw	propn
wõsupere	propn
kungjärw	propn
kuningajärw	propn
wirmalaid	propn
käwandu suurjärw	propn
lawatne	propn
kirgjärw	propn
iwanete	propn
punasekiwirahu	propn
patika mädajärw	propn
walkne	propn
wulligrunn	propn
konuwere	propn
wiitna pikkjärw	propn
järweots	propn
järwajõde	propn
keskweri	propn
kissa weehoidla	propn
wasta	propn
agusalu suurjärw	propn
awanete	propn
tõrw	propn
leew wiinakuajärw	propn
lawaõu	propn
wasalemma noorkalakaswatus	propn
wetik suurjärw	propn
mäe-tilk kogrõjärw	propn
piirijärw	propn
koow	propn
tsõõrikjärw	propn
sirguwere	propn
wäike kuimets	propn
wahujõgi	propn
laekwere	propn
kanajärw	propn
watla	propn
kiwimägi	propn
hawilaid	propn
liiwoja	propn
flywae	propn
külajärw	propn
warik	propn
mustakiwilaid	propn
kõnnujärw	propn
männikujärw	propn
kisõjärw	propn
oraw	propn
paawõlka	propn
ümarikujärw	propn
adawere	propn
jahajärw	propn
aruküla arujärw	propn
uuswada	propn
ähk wahejärw	propn
kolodawits	propn
allikjärw	propn
rõuge suurjärw	propn
udewa	propn
sihwa	propn
petajärw	propn
wahekarid	propn
uniweri	propn
pudiweri	propn
wasla	propn
sawaladmuma karstijärw	propn
kõrwenurk	propn
walgamaa	propn
witsjärw	propn
woor umbjärw	propn
sawa	propn
naistekiwi maa	propn
odiwere	propn
lootwina särgjärw	propn
wäiso	propn
boose suurjärw	propn
waimõis	propn
pikewere	propn
wiitkäjärw	propn
saalune oraw	propn
penijärw	propn
wiltina roolaht	propn
taltjärw	propn
wahane	propn
kiriweri	propn
wäike kooraste	propn
wiinistu	propn
holwant	propn
wilaski	propn
alajärw	propn
kiwiküla	propn
wiitasoo	propn
rahujärw	propn
tohwr kogrejärw	propn
wäikene mäestjärw	propn
werijärw	propn
mustwesi	propn
will	propn
uljastjärw	propn
helmes mustjärw	propn
haugjärw	propn
walanete	propn
taewere	propn
woogamaa	propn
weriora	propn
talljärw	propn
kiwilugu	propn
wõõla meri	propn
urwanete	propn
turwaste järweots	propn
malew	propn
wäike wiitna	propn
kallis äijärw	propn
karula kogrejärw	propn
änn linajärw	propn
alatskiwi	propn
nõmmeweski	propn
wana-jõgewa	propn
umnasw	propn
piiriwarbe	propn
kiidjärw	propn
wäike-toatne	propn
willewere	propn
kamarusjärw	propn
seanina nasw	propn
walkkare	propn
alwa	propn
aastejärw	propn
kukejärw	propn
nurkjärw	propn
wäike mullu laht	propn
wäike-rõsna	propn
pikajärw	propn
waimastweri	propn
koitjärw raba laugas	propn
kawat	propn
ähijärw kogrõjärw	propn
tähejärw	propn
rõuge walgjärw	propn
suur kongojärw	propn
andresjärw	propn
walistre	propn
wabamats	propn
saarjärw	propn
preeksa suurjärw	propn
pääwäkese	propn
wõiwaku	propn
kolwik	propn
noodasjärw	propn
kirikumägi kõrbjärw	propn
aukjärw	propn
kanep wähkjärw	propn
wäike kungjärw	propn
nursipalu warõsjärw	propn
uljaste saarjärw	propn
wiitina alajärw	propn
loodi suurjärw	propn
woorepera	propn
wõilaid	propn
nihu mädajärw	propn
liiwa	propn
swenskbyträske	propn
ruhwe	propn
orajärw	propn
wäike-mura lõpp	propn
wäike palojärw	propn
lusikajärw	propn
jaanekjärw	propn
suur kõrbjärw	propn
woorepalau	propn
tooma suur linajärw	propn
wäikene linnajärw	propn
linsänketräske nõmmküla linaleojärw	propn
paijärw	propn
wohilaid	propn
santow	propn
warudi-altküla	propn
wõipere	propn
iwaski	propn
kaarlijärw	propn
nurtu-nõlw	propn
paganamaa mudajärw	propn
keskmine waika	propn
waikla	propn
suur kalajärw	propn
järweots	propn
jääwä	propn
rauswere	propn
partsi neitsijärw	propn
ruusjärw	propn
rägaweri	propn
hälwatt	propn
suur wetik	propn
warbewere	propn
salujärw	propn
rõngu mädajärw	propn
awispea	propn
aheru haugjärw	propn
ermakowa	propn
kahkwa	propn
talwike	propn
luikjärw	propn
jõgewa	propn
wihawu	propn
nigula wanajärw	propn
waaksaarõ	propn
wäike roolaid	propn
wõruküla	propn
haawapea palujärw	propn
küllätüwä	propn
wolt	propn
kodijärw	propn
elwa wäike	propn
wihasoo	propn
jänistwere	propn
kastijärw	propn
pullewere	propn
waltu-nurm	propn
eerikwere	propn
saalune alajärw	propn
ellakwere	propn
hati tagajärw	propn
rasna arujärw	propn
litwina	propn
wiitina järwekülä	propn
igaweri	propn
unsajärw	propn
jäneda kalijärw	propn
wilkla	propn
waiwina	propn
law	propn
järweküla	propn
lewala	propn
wana-otepää	propn
naw albr	propn
puhkowa	propn
kiksowa	propn
wirts	propn
essemäe linajärw	propn
wäiko-serga	propn
säreweri	propn
wällamäe külajärw	propn
wäike-roograhu	propn
tsilkuta wäikejärw	propn
presnikow	propn
wäljaots	propn
kawõld	propn
käwandu wäikejärw	propn
tõrwaauk	propn
kõwerik	propn
lootwina	propn
leewatt	propn
kirikuwiik	propn
keema orajärw	propn
soomewere	propn
wulkare	propn
roodewäli	propn
järwekülä	propn
kogrijärw	propn
järweselg	propn
telder nasw	propn
tuplowa	propn
päidla uibujärw	propn
kurtna haugjärw	propn
aegwiidu	propn
wahwa	propn
marinowa	propn
rakwere	propn
pikkjärw	propn
wiru-jaagup	propn
wõõpste	propn
wissuwere	propn
hino mustjärw	propn
wõisikk	propn
rusulaiu nasw	propn
rasiwere	propn
iwanete sawijärw	propn
wõpolsowa	propn
wäike elwa	propn
plaan mudajärw	propn
kaagwere	propn
rõuge kõrbjärw	propn
wäike tiidujärw	propn
wila	propn
wärska	propn
mällikwere	propn
kõrwenurk käpajärw	propn
sibulajärw	propn
süsijärw	propn
tabiwere	propn
wäike sind	propn
wõrumõis mustjärw	propn
kihmjärw	propn
jäärja järweots	propn
narwa	propn
kihujärw	propn
peetsu kaanjärw	propn
harakajärw	propn
sawimägi	propn
kirweslaid	propn
näkijärw päidla suurjärw	propn
wanaweski	propn
wäike saarjärw	propn
nõlwassoo	propn
wahejärw	propn
karujärw	propn
madaljärw	propn
wäike kalajärw	propn
kaksjärw	propn
ahwenjärw	propn
udriku mädajärw	propn
kaats kogrejärw	propn
warinurm	propn
ebaweri	propn
kuiwajõgi	propn
ulw laugasjärw	propn
wihasoo wäikelugud	propn
kurtna nõmmejärw	propn
hiiewäli	propn
perajärw	propn
wana-wastseliina	propn
suur udrikjärw	propn
pautsjärw	propn
welna	propn
õwi	propn
tobrajärw	propn
järwi pikklaugas	propn
wõrumaa	propn
wiliweri	propn
wiitna	propn
sauweri	propn
kamar weskijärw	propn
riiwik	propn
kansijärw	propn
wihterpalu	propn
äidu-kaanjärw	propn
wäike kaanjärw	propn
wandjalg	propn
kikkajärw	propn
pühamägi wäikejärw	propn
peratjärw	propn
aherjärw	propn
nahe mädajärw	propn
wäike-ulkkari	propn
winso	propn
nõwa weskijärw	propn
liuswere	propn
laidewahe	propn
rebäsejärw	propn
wutt	propn
karula raudjärw	propn
sahkjärw	propn
rahiwere	propn
waindloo	propn
ihamaru kogrejärw	propn
nawikõ	propn
wanamesjärw	propn
aegwiidu wahejärw	propn
kusnetsowa	propn
wäike-keema	propn
kaiswere	propn
kuningweri	propn
jõudga linajärw	propn
wäike mäeräim	propn
wanawäli	propn
jõeweer	propn
wit	propn
edejärw	propn
mustiwere	propn
wõijärw	propn
liinjärw	propn
wäike-palkna	propn
kurwits	propn
koluweri	propn
wõikweri	propn
walgjärw	propn
werhulitsa	propn
puskku wiik	propn
kauks külajärw	propn
kädwa	propn
sel pühajärw	propn
worbune	propn
lõuna-pahijärw	propn
wäike karujärw	propn
kõwer	propn
ando palojärw	propn
küünjärw	propn
kasaritsa wähkjärw	propn
wihasoo keskmine lood	propn
kihlewere	propn
räitswere	propn
piwarootsi	propn
arojärw	propn
tõrw wanamõis	propn
2. wardja weskijärw	propn
suurekiwi	propn
palojärw	propn
sassukwere	propn
laanemets murujärw	propn
kurtna abnejärw	propn
elsejärw	propn
aawik	propn
aegwiidu ahwenjärw	propn
kawandu	propn
liinajärw	propn
wäiku-palkna	propn
wenekuusik	propn
wäike leide	propn
wahtrepa	propn
ähijärw peräjärw	propn
leppsild mustjärw	propn
keema kogrõjärw	propn
sepajärw	propn
waart	propn
arujärw	propn
wiidi	propn
kiigamäe mudajärw	propn
wasawere mustjärw	propn
rohusaar mustjärw	propn
wart	propn
kurtna ratasjärw	propn
järwi	propn
kari kaksikjärw	propn
pupastwere	propn
wesilugu	propn
tammjärw	propn
kastjärw	propn
isandajärw	propn
kotajärw	propn
tooma wäike linajärw	propn
sawka	propn
annijärw	propn
wägar	propn
weisjärw	propn
umpjärw	propn
suur-urwe	propn
kakõnujärw	propn
wäike kodijärw	propn
jõudga pesujärw	propn
naw	propn
kellamägi wäike	propn
wäimela	propn
uibojärw	propn
wäike tseamäe	propn
wäike-härjamaa	propn
lahtjärw	propn
uljaste mädajärw	propn
tõrwand	propn
kõrtsijärw	propn
raudjärw	propn
nohipalo walgejärw	propn
koigu kogrejärw	propn
waidasoo	propn
iwangorod	propn
wareste	propn
austurwike	propn
wäike kaksjärw	propn
prilljärwd	propn
willand	propn
lutikas pikkjärw	propn
linnasjärw	propn
alekwere	propn
wasar	propn
jäleweri	propn
wahekari ii	propn
neitsijärw	propn
wesitükimaa	propn
neeru wahejärw	propn
tuulewäli	propn
wäike-loosalu	propn
nõlw	propn
türäjärw	propn
ülemine waika	propn
päidla mõisajärw	propn
2. kurgjärw	propn
koitjärw pikklaugas	propn
kunnjärw	propn
suur wäimela	propn
saleweri salumägi	propn
koolmajärw	propn
walgejõgi	propn
wäike kutspakk	propn
tohwr	propn
alewijärw	propn
wäike sinijärw	propn
matsimägi kaanjärw	propn
paganamaa liiwajärw	propn
koksweri	propn
wadsa	propn
waal	propn
wanalõwi	propn
wats	propn
aluwere	propn
waabna	propn
alaweri	propn
liiwausse	propn
wanassaar	propn
kooraste suurjärw	propn
tsopa kogõrjärw	propn
wassiwere	propn
wõrsna	propn
wanajõgi	propn
1. wõõpsu	propn
keema wäikejärw	propn
wiru-nigula	propn
muhkwa	propn
weskisoo	propn
tõrwalaht	propn
uhtjärw	propn
erra-liiw	propn
wänn	propn
päädewa	propn
wara	propn
uus-udujärw	propn
põhja-pahijärw	propn
wana-nurtu	propn
wana-kastre	propn
umbjärw w	propn
helmjärw	propn
kanaweri	propn
päidla wäikejärw	propn
tepelwäli	propn
aheru mustjärw	propn
wibujärw	propn
kallijärw	propn
kangawits	propn
hellenurm käpajärw	propn
sangaste soojärw	propn
waresemägid	propn
wäikene mustjärw	propn
wuhjärw	propn
alastwere	propn
wõnnu	propn
wana-nurs	propn
lehtma suurjärw	propn
tarwastu	propn
wareslaid	propn
pällastwere	propn
wissu rahu	propn
nohipalo walgõjärw	propn
kuiwarahu i	propn
kärawesite	propn
soodijärw	propn
wana-koiola	propn
emmasaar haugjärw	propn
aasuwäli	propn
põlwa	propn
wäikujärw	propn
kungjärw soo laugas	propn
suur kõwerjärw	propn
wesitükk maa	propn
wihasoo suurlugud	propn
wõõbu kaanjärw	propn
walmaots	propn
sinikajärw	propn
imukwere	propn
weske	propn
wäike-apja	propn
haukajärw	propn
kägar kaanjärw	propn
petäjärw	propn
pihwa	propn
wäike-kare	propn
uljaste soojärw	propn
wari	propn
wiisel	propn
wiirats	propn
i wõrgurahu	propn
jõgewamaa	propn
järwi särgjärw	propn
narwa-jõesuu	propn
suur karujärw	propn
walila	propn
wilimeeste	propn
wohnja kõwerjärw	propn
kuhjaweri	propn
kaawere	propn
sel kaanjärw	propn
irwala	propn
kaguweri	propn
wõnnumägi	propn
wäkra	propn
waikne	propn
augjärw	propn
lustiweri	propn
ariswere	propn
kuklane kogrejärw	propn
wäägwere	propn
andsu perajärw	propn
lootsna pikkjärw	propn
wäike wetik	propn
wõllas raba laugas	propn
wana-lahetagune	propn
såndwike	propn
narawere	propn
murrujärw	propn
pakasjärw	propn
äntu walgejärw	propn
wedra	propn
nuudasjärw	propn
wisula	propn
kolijärw	propn
jänukjärw	propn
ulw	propn
arula perajärw	propn
tuulejärw	propn
liiwakupalau	propn
liikwa	propn
wõduwere	propn
jaskajärw	propn
audewäli	propn
kellamägi mustjärw	propn
rutikwere	propn
põikwa	propn
wiigijärw	propn
pühajärw	propn
wäike wiik	propn
kasewäli	propn
kautla saarejärw	propn
wäike marujärw	propn
uueweski	propn
kakuwäli	propn
peen-kirjakujärw	propn
paasweri	propn
wäike-maarjas	propn
äidu kaanjärw	propn
kurtna mätasjärw	propn
kõnd pikkjärw	propn
koidu-ellawere	propn
saalune kogrejärw	propn
tõukajärw	propn
määsjärw	propn
wirla	propn
sisalikujärw	propn
kawand suurjärw	propn
järwakant	propn
wihtla	propn
liiwamägi	propn
mäsäjärw	propn
wärssu	propn
kawandu suurjärw	propn
liiwakne	propn
kuiawere	propn
wanamõis	propn
linnõjärw	propn
liiwjärw	propn
wäikesaar	propn
ännijärw	propn
wirtsike	propn
wirwejärw	propn
wõrnu	propn
kärinä kõrbjärw	propn
alasjärw	propn
wenepele	propn
juss mustjärw	propn
hodijärw	propn
kausijärw	propn
wahuküla	propn
milistwere	propn
wiru	propn
urewere	propn
wagiwere	propn
wodja	propn
linnajärw	propn
wäiku-boose	propn
pull kõwerjärw	propn
wõerdla	propn
wäikejär	propn
tiidu wäikejärw	propn
waheru	propn
warõssõ	propn
kiwisi	propn
wäike wiitina	propn
saarjärw kogrõjärw	propn
wäikekuiw	propn
koigi pikkjärw	propn
wirulane	propn
wana-saalune	propn
wirunurm	propn
nohipalu mustjärw	propn
tähkweri	propn
wasikas	propn
kiisjärw	propn
wohiojajärw	propn
janutjärw	propn
kilja suurjärw	propn
täswere	propn
turbajärw	propn
wäike niinsaar	propn
serwaäär	propn
tagaweri	propn
kaaw	propn
tsolgo kogrõjärw	propn
wiru-kabala	propn
wäike haeska	propn
koiduwäli	propn
welisemõis	propn
wäike wenelaht	propn
raudweri	propn
neeru eesjärw	propn
kurtna särgjärw	propn
waskrääm	propn
luts palojärw	propn
pihkwa	propn
wilunete	propn
wäiku-apja	propn
tsernajärw	propn
moldowa	propn
prestwiik	propn
wäike nihujärw	propn
winek	propn
wäike-ahl	propn
korijärw kogrõjärw	propn
kõiw	propn
kiiwite	propn
palanujärw	propn
ruiljärw	propn
hellenurm linajärw	propn
turwaste walgejärw	propn
leewre	propn
kutsikujärw	propn
nõwa mustjärw	propn
parika pühajärw	propn
kõlujärw	propn
wõntküla	propn
turwalepp	propn
lääninete ahijärw	propn
aljawa	propn
wirtsikujärw	propn
kawad	propn
üwwärjärw	propn
soemõis linajärw	propn
järwi pikkjärw	propn
tsirkjärw	propn
wiitka	propn
hürowa	propn
plaan küläjärw	propn
wilin	propn
järwamaa	propn
waskna	propn
wäike mäestjärw	propn
umbnasw	propn
järwepera	propn
nõmm kaanjärw	propn
maawesi abajas	propn
wiro	propn
uuewäli	propn
otepää kärnjärw	propn
wanajärw	propn
ristikerkujärw	propn
järwa-jaan	propn
wakar	propn
waarkali	propn
wihtjärw	propn
roosna-alliku weskijärw	propn
wetik wäikejärw	propn
kõwwõrjärw	propn
lõhawere	propn
erepere suurjärw	propn
weltsa	propn
kaarepere pikkjärw	propn
kasakowa	propn
linajärw	propn
wii	propn
waiweri	propn
prangli jaskajärw	propn
kütt ähijärw	propn
wäike linajärw	propn
liiwakari	propn
tammejärw	propn
kõrdsijärw	propn
wästurwi	propn
tulbajärw	propn
selijärw	propn
wironete	propn
rääptsowa	propn
murujärw	propn
prand allikajärw	propn
järwetsa	propn
ähijärw	propn
nohipalu soojärw	propn
kahwatulaht	propn
ohakwere	propn
wihula	propn
mäliwere	propn
wastaba	propn
metsawaht	propn
kolossowa	propn
kadajärw	propn
rahtla kiwijärw	propn
järwemägi	propn
partsi saarjärw	propn
willem	propn
wanajärw	propn
werijärw	propn
kaugjärw	propn
rõuge mõisajärw	propn
weski	propn
süwahawa	propn
witsik	propn
waiste lõunajärw	propn
weer	propn
rõuge walgejärw	propn
palomets wahtsõjärw	propn
bysholmswi	propn
kastolats äijärw	propn
pullijärw	propn
kütt ahijärw	propn
wasawere	propn
piigand wähkjärw	propn
laijärw	propn
wäiku-ruuga	propn
saarjärw	propn
tagumine kaanjärw	propn
wilta	propn
piigand kogrejärw	propn
andsu edejärw	propn
wooremägi	propn
kurtna saarejärw	propn
hati edejärw	propn
wais	propn
järwa-madis	propn
randiwäli	propn
joaweski	propn
kargjärw	propn
kaikjärw	propn
wäike nõuni	propn
kariwäraw	propn
wäinjärw	propn
laomägi allikajärw	propn
wäike-roobimaa	propn
wõhandu	propn
pikknasw	propn
wäikene pehmejärw	propn
naswarahu	propn
awijõgi	propn
wiisjaak	propn
wetik	propn
luke wanajärw	propn
wäike-kamar	propn
wiitina	propn
suurjärw	propn
raigastwere	propn
warbola	propn
sarw	propn
sawal	propn
üüwjärw	propn
ruskawere	propn
turwajärw	propn
misso wiisjärw	propn
sõrgjärw	propn
aljawa abajas	propn
wilta	propn
wäiko-tiilige	propn
kantküla mustjärw	propn
walgjärw	propn
kiidjärw	propn
härmäjärw	propn
tällewere	propn
lahewa	propn
wõistre	propn
porijärw	propn
tõnkowa	propn
wäikene kõrbjärw	propn
wil	propn
warsangulump	propn
roosna-alliku allikajärw	propn
sarapuujärw	propn
wägara laht	propn
kaswandu	propn
kirjakjärw	propn
pehmejärw	propn
weskimägi	propn
eniwere	propn
illi umbjärw	propn
wanaussaed	propn
metsajärw	propn
hanijärw	propn
kastkowa umbjärw	propn
tartussaar eesjärw	propn
rihajärw	propn
pundsu kõrbjärw	propn
kihljärw	propn
prästwi	propn
wana-karinete	propn
wahenurm	propn
wäike emajõgi	propn
wäike-rootsi	propn
pugujärw	propn
wäike wiirelaid	propn
kõiwamäe lump	propn
kalmatjärw	propn
koorküla linajärw	propn
wenelaht	propn
beresje umbjärw	propn
nohipalu walgejärw	propn
nahijärw	propn
koitjärw	propn
pillapalu kiwijärw	propn
tillijärw	propn
rabiweri	propn
erwu	propn
sawijärw	propn
lootwina pikkjärw	propn
järawere	propn
kisejärw	propn
kurnuwere	propn
lihlwikk	propn
kõrwemets	propn
paklowa	propn
arbawere	propn
suur saarjärw	propn
riwimaa	propn
tornijärw	propn
wahessaar	propn
aegwiidu sisalikujärw	propn
elwa	propn
lewalõpe	propn
wõreweri	propn
nõmawere	propn
radijärw	propn
wil	propn
wirgumägi	propn
wällamägi	propn
kari suurjärw	propn
wana-roosa	propn
tolkjärw	propn
potrijärw	propn
päästjärw	propn
wiliksaarõ	propn
sedaljärw	propn
wäike sillaots	propn
wallapalau	propn
kureweri roolaht	propn
tooma kõrtsijärw	propn
wiwwa	propn
kohtla-järw	propn
kuiwarahu ii	propn
udujärw	propn
peratsjärw	propn
weibr	propn
karujärw	propn
wahe-kaanjärw	propn
säinaste kuiw	propn
wõiera	propn
wäike linnamägi	propn
3. rabiweri	propn
uhtjärw	propn
roosna-alliku allikajärw	propn
wõuküla	propn
ohepalau suurjärw	propn
warud	propn
lawassaar	propn
preeksa palojärw	propn
ubajärw	propn
suur kaanjärw	propn
suur kodijärw	propn
mustjärw	propn
waila	propn
kreo kalajärw	propn
kurtne linajärw	propn
männikwäli	propn
pado umbjärw	propn
haawamets	propn
weskimõis	propn
rabajärw	propn
otslawa	propn
wähajärw	propn
kiiskjärw	propn
nahajärw	propn
ainja sinejärw	propn
wäike pehmejärw	propn
edru kaanjärw	propn
korunete linajärw	propn
wäätsa	propn
waherahu	propn
kurtna konnajärw	propn
ahunajärw	propn
warikmägi	propn
ersawa	propn
raawits	propn
pühameeste laijärw	propn
jaanusjärw	propn
paunküla mustjärw	propn
armojärw	propn
älw	propn
waist suurjärw	propn
lahujärw	propn
lõwi	propn
ehaweri	propn
küünimets ahnjärw	propn
leew kõwwõrjärw	propn
wiitina kungjärw	propn
wiro land	propn
wirtsik	propn
sõrwe	propn
tõrwajõgi	propn
kukeweri	propn
wilgjärw	propn
mõndawere	propn
peenkirjakjärw	propn
kurtna ahnejärw	propn
wana-wõidu	propn
tarwas	propn
eaweri	propn
lubjajärw	propn
kaats 2. kogrejärw	propn
unakwere	propn
liiwaküla	propn
wõistwere	propn
kasaritsa walgjärw	propn
päidla kõwerjärw	propn
wäike mudajärw	propn
wiltina	propn
kõllijärw	propn
kõrgejärw	propn
wiire	propn
illi wäike-umbjärw	propn
malwaste	propn
saalune kogrõjärw	propn
kurtna walgejärw	propn
tähtweri	propn
pakasjärw raba laugas	propn
parewere	propn
peen-kirjakjärw	propn
järwemets	propn
roopjärw	propn
tils kõrbjärw	propn
woor	propn
käärikjärw	propn
wana-piigand	propn
silla-suurjärw	propn
naistewald	propn
kogrõjärw	propn
wäike juusa	propn
sireweri	propn
wahakõnd	propn
aruwäli	propn
uibujärw	propn
weretinä	propn
aheru mudajärw	propn
ostrowa	propn
weline	propn
punsujärw	propn
nõmmoja linajärw	propn
kokajärw	propn
hati kogrejärw	propn
walguta mustjärw	propn
saareküla järweots	propn
pahijärw	propn
jõemõis papijärw	propn
wodawa	propn
järwepää	propn
naistejärw	propn
särgjärw	propn
weskitagune	propn
tõikweri	propn
sinepijärw	propn
waelma	propn
turwaste mustjärw	propn
wäinjärw	propn
wakalepp	propn
suur nõmmejärw	propn
pariweri	propn
kurgjärw	propn
tiksijärw	propn
illi suur umbjärw	propn
tanujärw	propn
wastse-kuunete	propn
haawapää	propn
äntu linajärw	propn
rootsiwere	propn
liiwakant	propn
uus udujärw	propn
warbune	propn
kihmajärw	propn
wälgta	propn
põhk mädajärw	propn
wiraksaar	propn
wäike wirnajärw	propn
nõrawa	propn
wäike	propn
mäejärw	propn
kassiweri	propn
wahelmiserahu	propn
kurwits weskijärw	propn
waeküla	propn
köstrejärw	propn
telwe kuiwarahu	propn
weskiküla	propn
kanarik werijärw	propn
weskijärw	propn
kiiwera	propn
wäike udrikjärw	propn
paganamaa sarapuujärw	propn
haawilaid	propn
suursoo saarjärw	propn
pörja porijärw	propn
wõhmassaar	propn
punajärw	propn
awinurm	propn
koerakuiw	propn
wõll	propn
waap	propn
woika	propn
tsiirjärw	propn
wõru walgjärw	propn
polowina	propn
liigwald	propn
määsowits	propn
ähk perajärw	propn
laugasjärw	propn
lakowits	propn
wigala	propn
wõidu	propn
wanalubi	propn
jõemõis särgjärw	propn
warune	propn
lüübnits umbjärw	propn
wõigas	propn
sokajärw	propn
tamm palujärw	propn
liiw	propn
wahastu	propn
kurtna linajärw	propn
lohujärw	propn
paduweri	propn
waela	propn
emajärw	propn
märajärw	propn
walgewäli	propn
udriku suurjärw	propn
pupastwere umbjärw	propn
wunk	propn
uue-wõidu	propn
alatskiwi kaanjärw	propn
saarejärw	propn
watku kõwerjärw	propn
lähkrujärw	propn
liiw	propn
wirta	propn
pikwa	propn
wõewa	propn
salaweri	propn
pärajärw	propn
ilwes	propn
suur suujärw	propn
karijärw	propn
wirn	propn
wõllinge	propn
sirwaste	propn
waalimägi	propn
järwekülaed	propn
luratjärw	propn
kolmenaswa	propn
pühajärw	propn
sels suujärw	propn
wiitna linajärw	propn
määräjärw	propn
laatre wanamõis	propn
wäike-pakr	propn
partsi kõrtsijärw	propn
süwäjärw	propn
uhtijärw	propn
laihjärw	propn
ajajärw	propn
kokora mustjärw	propn
pappjärw	propn
laos walgejärw	propn
näduwere	propn
warkja	propn
waarts	propn
wäike-poama	propn
wedruka	propn
1. wardja weskijärw	propn
oraw kõwerjärw	propn
warstu	propn
lihl-wikk	propn
kari wäikejärw	propn
rõikjärw	propn
wiikjärw	propn
sawiauk	propn
kisuweri	propn
uibujärw	propn
maurijärw	propn
kuiwasääremaa	propn
tikk wiisjärw	propn
sirkjärw	propn
kõwandu suurjärw	propn
mulwa	propn
tsolgo kõwwõrjärw	propn
walgõjärw	propn
weerik	propn
suursoo umbjärw	propn
kodijärw	propn
wäike-nõuni	propn
tõugujärw	propn
harku mõisajärw	propn
marujärw	propn
rõuge ratasjärw	propn
idaweri	propn
laiune kiwijärw	propn
sillajärw	propn
wõru	propn
watsla	propn
tõugjärw	propn
tolljärw	propn
õrsawa	propn
mõnuweri	propn
kokawiidikas	propn
soodewahe	propn
kanep palojärw	propn
kostkowa umbjärw	propn
walgerand	propn
sawerna	propn
kuritne kogrejärw	propn
wäike-umbjärw	propn
wiir	propn
uduweri	propn
tammejärw	propn
wares	propn
tuhalaas weskijärw	propn
suur-wiirelaid	propn
watku	propn
äijärw	propn
järwetaga mustjärw	propn
juhkajärw	propn
kobruwere	propn
peräjärw	propn
wäiku-mikel	propn
widruka	propn
weneoja	propn
krüüdner kangrujärw	propn
kograjärw	propn
nawa	propn
kajaka-wahelaugas	propn
kagawere	propn
wanaweski pais	propn
teterüwä	propn
laswa	propn
mustajärw	propn
janokjärw	propn
wandu	propn
kawasoo	propn
wäike kirjakujärw	propn
karula pikkjärw	propn
lebawere	propn
haawakann	propn
wäimela ülajärw	propn
nursipalu kaarnajärw	propn
kahwatu laht	propn
wellawere külajärw	propn
haawapää palojärw	propn
lindjärw	propn
wasula	propn
welise-nõlw	propn
elsijärw	propn
annjärw	propn
kodaweri	propn
kõwer	propn
orkjärw	propn
sinijärw	propn
kõiwuküla	propn
piigand ahijärw	propn
wäike-rahula	propn
jaanisjärw	propn
uibo linajärw	propn
põdwa rahu	propn
elistwere	propn
tuulawere	propn
wõlle	propn
lahojärw	propn
soitsjärw	propn
wäikene suujärw	propn
rebasejärw	propn
järwi pikajärw	propn
kiwirahu	propn
walgma	propn
timpr kogrõjärw	propn
pauastwere	propn
wainupea	propn
wahtranete	propn
menarswae	propn
kükajärw	propn
wäike apja	propn
wapramägi	propn
masluwa	propn
wana-koiola soojärw	propn
laswa kalijärw	propn
wiigjärw	propn
kurtna ahwenjärw	propn
welts	propn
neeru sinijärw	propn
korwa raudjärw	propn
allikjärw	propn
söödijärw	propn
wätne	propn
koorküla mudajärw	propn
wõrtsjärw	propn
kõwerjärw	propn
soomejärw	propn
igeweri	propn
haawasoo	propn
täkunasw	propn
riisipere walgejärw	propn
immakjärw	propn
sawioja wäike-soojärw	propn
kogrejärw	propn
wäike asema	propn
naistewäli	propn
kurtjärw	propn
wiirelaid	propn
nawajärw	propn
hatik edejärw	propn
wiirinete	propn
wäike umbjärw	propn
ahnejärw	propn
wäike-nedrema	propn
taarawainu	propn
kiislowa	propn
walgejärw	propn
metstuba kaasikjärw	propn
pärst weskijärw	propn
juss wäinjärw	propn
rawa	propn
põlwamaa	propn
wadiküla	propn
kalatsowa	propn
kondijärw	propn
karula sinejärw	propn
illi suur-umbjärw	propn
kokora kaanjärw	propn
paimwere	propn
leewaku	propn
arbijärw	propn
wällämäe küläjärw	propn
pühameeste suurjärw	propn
wäike-malusi	propn
wihatjärw	propn
weskilais	propn
illi wäike umbjärw	propn
tsilguta wäikejärw	propn
wäikene saarjärw	propn
wilajärw	propn
mooste linnajärw	propn
hatik tagajärw	propn
tuplewo	propn
wanamats laugas	propn
wiira	propn
wõrumõis	propn
walunete	propn
wõngjärw	propn
wäike-juusa	propn
rütawere	propn
kolep mustjärw	propn
wilumägi	propn
karula papijärw	propn
wiierist mägid	propn
werilase	propn
wajangu	propn
kreo linajärw	propn
undwa pank	propn
wäike puha	propn
wenejärw	propn
weelikne	propn
wahalaid	propn
eistwere	propn
tammewaldma	propn
kostkowa	propn
kõrweküla	propn
pundsu mudajärw	propn
weisjärw	propn
maadewahe	propn
nõbu wäike karujärw	propn
soitsjärw	propn
pärst waluoja suurjärw	propn
waltina	propn
walgeraba	propn
wastja	propn
wantr	propn
kuiwastu	propn
heinjärw	propn
woose	propn
walgesoo	propn
ruusmäe tsirkjärw	propn
pühameeste-laijärw	propn
kawand	propn
ilistwere	propn
wahtsõjärw	propn
koorküla piirijärw	propn
maajärw	propn
endla sinijärw	propn
wähkjärw	propn
winnora	propn
kiigeweri	propn
jõgeweste	propn
kooraste palujärw	propn
wõhmanõmm	propn
wasikakuiw	propn
weneweri	propn
karula rebasejärw	propn
weskiaru	propn
wans	propn
misso saarjärw	propn
wäikene palojärw	propn
wasknarwa	propn
oraw mustjärw	propn
suur mutijärw	propn
paunküla linajärw	propn
wäike sawijärw	propn
nihujärw	propn
wõhu	propn
lahawere	propn
suur kaewandu	propn
määwel	propn
näsuwere	propn
tõrwane	propn
wäimela alajärw	propn
wäiko-härmä	propn
wõõbu	propn
tiigijärw	propn
wõsu	propn
prest wike	propn
matsijärw	propn
kaisma wäikejärw	propn
piirakajärw	propn
sarwemägi	propn
kawastu	propn
preeksa palujärw	propn
suur wiik	propn
wõtikwere	propn
waida	propn
wõls	propn
laatrõjärw	propn
saalune palojärw	propn
ahwenajärw	propn
pitkjärw	propn
waal	propn
sinejärw	propn
irawere	propn
liiwa-putla	propn
niitwäli	propn
kiriwald	propn
haaslawa	propn
järwepalau	propn
kääbas palujärw	propn
kogerjärw	propn
wana-antsla	propn
walma	propn
wana-kaiu	propn
sawimets	propn
kaisma suurjärw	propn
tahojärw	propn
nakrijärw	propn
ahijärw	propn
härmajärw	propn
olustwere	propn
waskjalg	propn
griwa	propn
wärat	propn
annejärw	propn
kaigas kogrejärw	propn
kooraste kõwerjärw	propn
hainjärw	propn
sürgawere	propn
wäike wäimela	propn
wääna	propn
wardja	propn
wõle	propn
kulijärw	propn
mälitsjärw	propn
kaiwandu	propn
wõiküla	propn
arawu	propn
kriilewäli	propn
salawa	propn
kiwiora	propn
sirwak	propn
wäike-pahila	propn
kuajärw	propn
wõrung	propn
wasejärw	propn
sawastwere	propn
laanemets sawijärw	propn
kaussjärw	propn
kaadsijärw	propn
wõibla	propn
juss kõwerjärw	propn
kaats mustjärw	propn
kaurijärw	propn
lilastwere	propn
äntu linaleojärw	propn
ehajärw	propn
wana-wõidu mädajärw	propn
liinujärw	propn
sawal karstiala	propn
mäletjärw	propn
suur linajärw	propn
waresmägi	propn
sawala	propn
leew	propn
kaeweri	propn
worop	propn
kurtna mustjärw	propn
arawa	propn
woorbah	propn
wokk	propn
wäike-agusalu	propn
murojärw	propn
wetepere	propn
kikiweri	propn
kaasikjärw	propn
sirgowa	propn
wiiwikonna	propn
piigand mustjärw	propn
wirk	propn
wäike-tiuka	propn
wasikasaar	propn
wellawere kogrejärw	propn
keskmäne suujärw	propn
wäike-polt	propn
wäike karinete	propn
soowik	propn
kiisajärw	propn
lämmijärw	propn
wäike agusalu	propn
umarikjärw	propn
päidla suurjärw	propn
holstre mustjärw	propn
urwerahu	propn
kirbujärw	propn
käpajärw	propn
kasaritsa werijärw	propn
kiidewa	propn
wärska saareküla	propn
jõudga liiwjärw	propn
wäike toatne	propn
wäike-wenelaht	propn
paeweri	propn
tobrowa	propn
papijärw	propn
warangu	propn
erwta	propn
rehäjärw	propn
aidujärw	propn
erastwere	propn
wastseliina	propn
ainja sinijärw	propn
läheweri	propn
wällämäe wahejärw	propn
wanausse	propn
alatskiwi mustjärw	propn
haanja kõwerjärw	propn
jõewaar	propn
kaewats	propn
tõrijärw	propn
kooraste linajärw	propn
lääne-wiru	propn
meegumäe pütaljärw	propn
kaewa	propn
äntu sinijärw	propn
rahkjärw	propn
kuradijärw	propn
saadjärw	propn
konijärw	propn
linajärwd	propn
mätasjärw	propn
wiljandi	propn
saar lutikajärw	propn
wäike-weerksu	propn
1. weskimõis	propn
kõrwejärw	propn
wiruste	propn
boose wäikejärw	propn
esiweri	propn
liiwak	propn
wäike-kõpp	propn
holwant kiisajärw	propn
tooma linajärwd	propn
tihku suurjärw	propn
pilistwere	propn
awan	propn
kötajärw	propn
wedama mustjärw	propn
wäiku-kuikel	propn
wilsand	propn
waiste läänejärw	propn
lossijärw	propn
wängla	propn
metstuba linajärw	propn
kubi wähajärw	propn
täriwere	propn
metsakiwi	propn
kuiwakari	propn
warudi-wanaküla	propn
umbjärw	propn
pekujärw	propn
siim lõwe	propn
gustaw eichenfeldt	propn
metsawaht Jakob Perramets	propn
hindrik lindow	propn
kurwits	propn
aakre mw.	propn
karl w. seidlitz	propn
gustaw reinmann	propn
e. won wahli	propn
aleksander timofejewi	propn
wassili gosofejew	propn
gustaw edro	propn
c.w.seidlitz	propn
jan andresow orrin	propn
tawet lontow	propn
baron won stackelberg	propn
arwid won braschi	propn
metsa üllewatajaga	propn
iwan semenow kusnezow	propn
marija rönngwisti	propn
n. won wahli	propn
won Günzel	propn
baron w. t.	propn
gustaw kusik	propn
mart tomasow krup	propn
gustaw eper	propn
mõisaw	propn
tawet kuu	propn
a. won siwers	propn
gustaw dülken	propn
tomas waher jakobi poeg	propn
gustaw tõnu p. ummas	propn
e. won lilienfeld	propn
oskara martowa limberga	propn
gustaw  kokka	propn
iwan plotnikow	propn
dawid hinzer	propn
won Rathlefi	propn
joosge kraawi	propn
eduard w. lilienfeld	propn
wallawanem j.jants	propn
gustaw pissa	propn
baron won tisenhausen	propn
baron won maidel	propn
won Lielienfeldt	propn
jozepa dawidowa preiman	propn
jakoba janowa šteinberg	propn
widrik wääri	propn
pottsepp willem planken	propn
madisa jakowa wideman	propn
gustaw tammi	propn
e. w. lilienfeldt	propn
arwed won braschi	propn
lars lundqwist	propn
gustaw lassinid	propn
dawit kask	propn
aakre mõisawalits	propn
wolker	propn
feodor maksimow	propn
o. won kurselli	propn
baron w. g. traubenberg	propn
wallawanem jaan jants	propn
arwed won braschi	propn
jaan tuwike	propn
gustaw lättile	propn
thomas sweberg	propn
dawid terral jaani	propn
gatserina pachazow	propn
gustaw wikberg	propn
p. won maidell	propn
willem soiewa	propn
josep hawakiwwi	propn
w	propn
petr janow tseigerj"	propn
metsawaht Karel Turk	propn
carl won seidlitz	propn
ludwig sallo.	propn
dawid jürgenson	propn
peet weewo	propn
herron baron won tiesenhauser	propn
jakow petrow safronow	propn
gegor gerassimow	propn
edgar won loewis of menari	propn
aleksei jakow´ sau	propn
ritz gustawson	propn
marija rönnqwist	propn
ilji potahhowa	propn
w. Maijdel	propn
mihaila ameljanow kafabow	propn
tõnnis koowits	propn
metsawaht gustaw nukka	propn
won Nolckeni	propn
landrath won braschi	propn
herra baron w. tiesenhausen	propn
simon kurwits	propn
b. won stackelbergi	propn
gustaw holm	propn
kustaw insleer	propn
jugana janowa paal	propn
wjatsskoi	propn
p. won maijdell	propn
jan martow kredeman	propn
baron won fersen	propn
won Rehbinder	propn
gustaw reinhold	propn
kaskiriwohu	propn
sohwi kost	propn
jwan selge	propn
malija janowa tseigerj	propn
kusta kihw	propn
p w maijdell	propn
gans janow krauwaldt	propn
w. Seidlitzi	propn
mõisawal	propn
petr janow tseiger	propn
reet waht	propn
lukjan wetrow	propn
herra baron won tiesenhausen	propn
a. won braschi	propn
p won maidel	propn
kustaw kroosberg	propn
anna daniilowa simenson	propn
wasili iwanow goruschkin	propn
c. w.seitlitz	propn
gustaw kokka	propn
baron won tiesenhausen	propn
c. w. seidlitz	propn
wogdt	propn
karl wiskus	propn
w. matilde saltza	propn
gustaw wikmanson	propn
aakre mõisawalitsus	propn
kustas martow sakkeus	propn
gustaw jürjensoni	propn
jürri luhhaweer	propn
mõisawalitsus	propn
gustaw külla	propn
jogan karlow rozental	propn
wallawannem siim ennow	propn
nikolai tšistjakow	propn
liiwaku pois johann treie	propn
a won braschi	propn
awgust i aleksandr erenwert	propn
endine wallawanem p.roth	propn
herra won Schwebs	propn
eewa truus	propn
herra baron won tiesenhauser	propn
jaan plado weli	propn
karl w. seidliz	propn
eewa ausing	propn
baronesside pilar w. pilchaude	propn
jakob simmulow	propn
won Anrep	propn
gustaw naba	propn
b. won wahl	propn
gustaw kokka l	propn
gustaw tamm	propn
leonti sidorow solowjow	propn
won Helffreichi	propn
b. w. wahl	propn
metsaüllewataja	propn
matrona grigorjewna kostina	propn
leo won rohland	propn
lawika wanka	propn
baron G. w. Roseni	propn
wallawanem	propn
gustaw friedrich tarrask	propn
kraf won rebinder	propn
petr taniilow tees	propn
georg baron rausch w. trauberberg	propn
julie ja helene baronesside pilar w. pilchaude	propn
gustaw wälja	propn
gerhard won siwers	propn
mart kustasow tensberg	propn
lawrentii lundkwist	propn
jehorka saharow tumonow	propn
krahw won rehbinder	propn
gustaw messner	propn
won Hanke	propn
p. w. maijdel	propn
aakre mw	propn
m.g.annikow	propn
gustaw tobiasse	propn
ilji potahowa	propn
widrik wääri	propn
gustaw kukk	propn
bernhard won mindingi	propn
won Lilienfeld	propn
p.a.siwers	propn
p. w. maijdell	propn
w. won bagdziewicz	propn
jaan nömmwalwalz	propn
mõisaw.	propn
märt kurwits	propn
gustaw tobias	propn
gustaw tammik	propn
gustaw kerner	propn
c.w. seidlitz	propn
jacob rönnqwist	propn
f. won wietinghoff	propn
dawid hintzer	propn
lenõ janowoi raudmets	propn
p.a. won siwers	propn
tiktinnikow	propn
oudowalt	propn
makejew	propn
wiera	propn
wöttingale	propn
wiljakut	propn
laiwa	propn
kiselow	propn
wakaus	propn
warese	propn
potinkow	propn
kusnezow	propn
wöörusen	propn
alawere	propn
willman	propn
woika	propn
tawi	propn
nemwalzile	propn
ossipow	propn
mõisawalitseja	propn
tower	propn
wallawölmünder	propn
kodawere	propn
wassilid	propn
tehwandile	propn
wiksi	propn
reastwere	propn
kiwistiku	propn
wähhi	propn
werbo	propn
lillowerile	propn
aahweneri	propn
kaiw	propn
wassarl	propn
kõiwale	propn
wöting	propn
kiidjärwel	propn
weisweer	propn
koschowa	propn
gustawi	propn
wasili	propn
wassilile	propn
wallitseja	propn
willemsil	propn
winne	propn
uwe	propn
wuksi	propn
wäikse	propn
gluchowile	propn
räbowõitra	propn
weltmann	propn
wassili	propn
saposchnikow	propn
matweist	propn
alwrele	propn
schwalbe	propn
wöörmanni	propn
wiljaki	propn
kürwitz	propn
ristiwälja	propn
tehwand	propn
wasilid	propn
wall	propn
welledele	propn
jesnowi	propn
kristuwingi	propn
tschisikow	propn
watsaga	propn
jürripäiwall	propn
sulpow	propn
waka	propn
koschenow	propn
wõikson	propn
tschernowi	propn
wõõpsu	propn
orrawa	propn
tsernitschewi	propn
kanzweiga	propn
iwani	propn
willemase	propn
wiksiga	propn
karjärwel	propn
haaslawa	propn
wittmann	propn
kodawa	propn
matswei	propn
waarale	propn
kudraschowi	propn
widikul	propn
kaewas	propn
maximow	propn
wossa	propn
waaks	propn
lanewere	propn
fruktow	propn
awikole	propn
goluhow	propn
kiwastiku	propn
järawere	propn
fromejew	propn
woorust	propn
mitrifanow	propn
wildfluschil	propn
wallas	propn
wöttinga	propn
wäljaotsa	propn
wint	propn
walu	propn
walgast	propn
kagwere	propn
weiken	propn
wöölmunder	propn
anukwrijew	propn
wassos	propn
starrikohwi	propn
baschmakow	propn
willipule	propn
kawastult	propn
wassulahe	propn
kristow	propn
sõitschikow	propn
anwtotja	propn
tagawere	propn
kriwzow	propn
wiljakile	propn
abramow	propn
naewsti	propn
willems	propn
woormannile	propn
dolgow	propn
wakkamaa	propn
amjerwelt	propn
märdipäiwani	propn
wasilile	propn
werrew	propn
sabalow	propn
beihwelt	propn
wana-koiola	propn
krahw	propn
smirnow	propn
werlok	propn
zögewer	propn
waral	propn
jakowlewa	propn
koslowiga	propn
westbergil	propn
suhowi	propn
tarwastus	propn
narruskow	propn
wölmundre	propn
warral	propn
kakowits	propn
wanna-kuuste	propn
järw	propn
wallakassa	propn
werlokile	propn
taewere	propn
werewkinad	propn
wallawallitsusse	propn
wastse-piigandist	propn
wiedleri	propn
iwwan	propn
plessangohw	propn
watsa	propn
ussowi	propn
kiidjärwe	propn
kõrwel	propn
treiwaldt	propn
walgotast	propn
weriorale	propn
walda	propn
wuksile	propn
wallawanem	propn
frolow	propn
krilow	propn
parweotsal	propn
isotow	propn
starikow	propn
wiljandi	propn
saarjärwe	propn
petrepäiwal	propn
wasmile	propn
wolt	propn
matwei	propn
willetsaare	propn
wõrole	propn
nowembrl	propn
wallawalitsusele	propn
tanadowile	propn
lesnowi	propn
pahomow	propn
kransiweer	propn
welstile	propn
saaweti	propn
liewati	propn
siederow	propn
wätting	propn
lebedew	propn
kulikow	propn
pristowi	propn
wõssul	propn
taawits	propn
skorohodow	propn
wissow	propn
widrik	propn
liiwl	propn
raawelli	propn
kooliwalitsuse	propn
poltowa	propn
willetsaar	propn
nitsikowi	propn
ewa	propn
amjerwe	propn
haslawast	propn
willandi	propn
liwamäele	propn
makimowa	propn
karlowa	propn
wisi	propn
wominiski	propn
keswa	propn
wärw	propn
wihelbu	propn
pääwa	propn
tawet	propn
sawwiperra	propn
karpow	propn
wälgitast	propn
dmitrijew	propn
semenow	propn
pärsikiwi	propn
woormanni	propn
wähma	propn
aggodewargas	propn
pühhapäiwa	propn
riwes	propn
nawestis	propn
gawrilla	propn
warruski	propn
iwanowna	propn
iwanile	propn
tohwre	propn
danilow	propn
kõwwa	propn
wäljaots	propn
wähja	propn
kansweie	propn
rawendi	propn
wasser	propn
pärsikiwwile	propn
wiedler	propn
wallal	propn
wirkhausen	propn
nitsikowist	propn
wälgita	propn
woormann	propn
wiilup	propn
kalewi	propn
wärwo	propn
jaamawalitsuse	propn
wio	propn
waska	propn
werki	propn
riwik	propn
pawlow	propn
wido	propn
wiidu	propn
palkow	propn
warbuses	propn
wakka	propn
wuht	propn
liiwakule	propn
wöörmündred	propn
kiidjärwele	propn
walka	propn
riwesid	propn
parfejew	propn
lihwlandimaa	propn
dolgaschewi	propn
wirmann	propn
farnow	propn
pangotiwallast	propn
wenemaalt	propn
wäikesse-röngo	propn
läwwe	propn
mihejew	propn
leppikow	propn
kaiwataw	propn
werrewal	propn
kaagwere	propn
alweurt	propn
willakow	propn
tähtwerest	propn
ewertile	propn
praskowja	propn
kõwa	propn
wilup	propn
wastse-koiola	propn
kewwadeni	propn
bubnow	propn
weikesest	propn
walter	propn
wankel	propn
wastopä	propn
wirro	propn
kononow	propn
tarnowi	propn
kiwijärwe	propn
wanemba	propn
liiwal	propn
wõikman	propn
iwaskil	propn
werowkinale	propn
petrowna	propn
terrawerre	propn
wättinga	propn
wahlbergi	propn
kawastun	propn
wõisiku	propn
waht	propn
jürripäiwan	propn
wilipsoni	propn
johhurgawitsa	propn
willand	propn
wind	propn
wammus	propn
sahkaohw	propn
muschow	propn
ciwil-arrestanten	propn
warbult	propn
welle	propn
wuttile	propn
ewärt	propn
wiks	propn
wijo	propn
kadernapäiwani	propn
woites	propn
ewarti	propn
taewas	propn
iwwani	propn
liewad	propn
trigorow	propn
saposchnikowi	propn
amjerw	propn
wahlberg	propn
waimelt	propn
sidarowna	propn
wäiksest	propn
lowisa	propn
wöörmann	propn
kohwa	propn
wõssoga	propn
samsonowiga	propn
tihomirowi	propn
tiwitele	propn
wölmündrel	propn
woormannil	propn
wutt	propn
weikesen	propn
liiwima	propn
wõrol	propn
kawildast	propn
ignatjew	propn
nowbembr	propn
belowa	propn
tiwiti	propn
põlwa	propn
kärrewere	propn
wänikwerest	propn
liwati	propn
leontjew	propn
siederowi	propn
starikohwi	propn
kulakowa	propn
woitesele	propn
kärijerwee-tee	propn
kasewere	propn
winnet	propn
arhipow	propn
jürripäiwast	propn
adwokadi	propn
errastwerre	propn
weisweeril	propn
wiili	propn
perrajerw	propn
wiksile	propn
peelowas	propn
wolmönder	propn
luwig	propn
dolgasenowile	propn
leetwa	propn
kurnossowile	propn
wändra	propn
wija	propn
wunck	propn
belowil	propn
wanaannuse	propn
nöuwa	propn
wärsi	propn
wilipiga	propn
raswal	propn
kerrikowölmündrehärra	propn
wunkiga	propn
sawelli	propn
skorodumow	propn
wiio	propn
kawastu	propn
nowember	propn
alatskiwist	propn
mihailow	propn
walt	propn
taawit	propn
sawetile	propn
wiljaku	propn
ussowile	propn
jerw	propn
kolpakowile	propn
siweri	propn
waaksile	propn
köiw	propn
liewa	propn
saeskõrwa	propn
magilewa	propn
wee	propn
wildfluschile	propn
ameljanow	propn
schorochowi	propn
wernole	propn
järweküla	propn
olustwerest	propn
krilowi	propn
wohla	propn
kulakowna	propn
poolpäiwa	propn
westberg	propn
saharowile	propn
wäike-konguta	propn
wisustist	propn
kõiwole	propn
kekischew	propn
ostaschonkowile	propn
palkowil	propn
wuttil	propn
ustinow	propn
waabi	propn
sawiko	propn
astuwere	propn
lewonti	propn
wanna	propn
plessankohw	propn
lebedewile	propn
weikesi	propn
wöörmöndre	propn
wesmanile	propn
nemwalz	propn
wörsteile	propn
kõiwo	propn
järwes	propn
gromow	propn
wenni	propn
walguta	propn
tschernitschow	propn
praskowa	propn
wälli	propn
sidarohwile	propn
kusowile	propn
wilipson	propn
wock	propn
kõrwalisse	propn
nawesti	propn
nawestist	propn
wastse-koiolasse	propn
kärewerest	propn
koslowile	propn
kellamow	propn
wiljussel	propn
leschnewit	propn
hamkow	propn
liiwakul	propn
wieral	propn
jerschow	propn
wiido	propn
tiktinnikowile	propn
winamärti	propn
nowmbr	propn
wuks	propn
weedleri	propn
wastopähil	propn
gustawile	propn
kanzweil	propn
perrajerwel	propn
jefremow	propn
suhow	propn
wasmi	propn
kiwastikule	propn
kiselew	propn
maltsow	propn
wiljandis	propn
warbusel	propn
trahw	propn
kekischewa	propn
wikkatit	propn
orrawawallitsus	propn
wiherbule	propn
woor	propn
wiirasson	propn
wardja	propn
lawrenti	propn
kulakow	propn
leppikowil	propn
wilipsonil	propn
wöörmöndrite	propn
witrik	propn
wahtrik	propn
grünwald	propn
rehhewallitseja	propn
budrasehew	propn
wilna	propn
madawerele	propn
wihhalehti	propn
mustweest	propn
sawostkinal	propn
willemsoni	propn
will	propn
reidolw	propn
kusow	propn
tihomirowiga	propn
wasar	propn
wiltmann	propn
winapruli	propn
phillipow	propn
wohlale	propn
kurwitsa	propn
dawid	propn
pannow	propn
wedler	propn
schirokow	propn
tihawnowa	propn
wolkman	propn
heidow	propn
wirkhaus	propn
walma	propn
wirksu	propn
wou	propn
wakk	propn
mironowi	propn
kulikowile	propn
tarwastu	propn
pedrowna	propn
mitrasanowi	propn
werkil	propn
wunkile	propn
wuhtil	propn
wäljaotsale	propn
alatskiwilt	propn
wesmani	propn
sidarohwi	propn
archipowi	propn
weder	propn
mihklepäiwas	propn
wain	propn
awdotja	propn
wõssa	propn
jürripäiwanist	propn
kiselowa	propn
tihhanow	propn
liiwi	propn
mõisawalitsus	propn
wallawalitsusse	propn
werowkin	propn
saweljewa	propn
moisawalitseja	propn
kiwinitsin	propn
maksimow	propn
willole	propn
tschernow	propn
wutte	propn
waldma	propn
wesman	propn
maksimohwi	propn
wiljandist	propn
kodijärwe	propn
wälja	propn
pusanowi	propn
widik	propn
winti	propn
woitk	propn
wassilista	propn
ilwese	propn
domainiwalitsusele	propn
gluchow	propn
nitow	propn
werend	propn
wirkhauseni	propn
rõiwa	propn
kirillow	propn
anrejew	propn
wastopäht	propn
galafejew	propn
makimowna	propn
wäljaotsalt	propn
tuwk	propn
wõssu	propn
kurnosow	propn
maksimohw	propn
kerrawerre	propn
janipäiwal	propn
peelowal	propn
wangi	propn
tihanowna	propn
wäära	propn
wõrus	propn
wuksiga	propn
trifanow	propn
werioralt	propn
warrandus	propn
wekkmann	propn
warnik	propn
riwesil	propn
wesmanil	propn
watting	propn
wiljandise	propn
madawere	propn
walgerist	propn
pusanow	propn
warun	propn
ostaschow	propn
muscharew	propn
widu	propn
hindow	propn
kiwak	propn
sergejewile	propn
lilloweer	propn
olustwere	propn
kristwingi	propn
waari	propn
taawli	propn
andrejewa	propn
hindowile	propn
schurawowi	propn
trihwanowi	propn
nemwaltziga	propn
saarweld	propn
orraw	propn
saww	propn
lepwaltz	propn
wuhti	propn
kürwits	propn
mustwees	propn
lasarew	propn
kristuwing	propn
orrawald	propn
werrewa	propn
muscharow	propn
plotnikow	propn
wallawalitsuse	propn
messangohwile	propn
ostaschonkowi	propn
kudraschow	propn
tohwri	propn
warrusk	propn
wilsi	propn
tawits	propn
lebedewi	propn
jörgewitz	propn
dawitule	propn
lepwaltzile	propn
waser	propn
kransiwer	propn
wiru	propn
mustwee	propn
muscharowi	propn
walgjärwe	propn
sawisaarel	propn
wägi	propn
oslow	propn
rõischowi	propn
wassiljew	propn
wedu	propn
leewon	propn
woormonder	propn
belusow	propn
wanriku	propn
weriko	propn
zögeweri	propn
warik	propn
jürripäiw	propn
riwiku	propn
sowokin	propn
liiwak	propn
skorohodowa	propn
kononowa	propn
wahrmann	propn
willandile	propn
woorman	propn
wallas	propn
löwi	propn
wiil	propn
wakause	propn
tawit	propn
jürripäiwani	propn
mihejewile	propn
pawlowile	propn
kaiwas	propn
urgawa	propn
rõibakowile	propn
gustow	propn
wastemõisas	propn
solowjew	propn
jerwe	propn
wedile	propn
kärwküla	propn
wallawalitsus	propn
wolter	propn
starkohw	propn
ossipowile	propn
janipäiwa	propn
tehwandi	propn
kärewere	propn
rõischowile	propn
mikalajew	propn
wallitsus	propn
wiljak	propn
wiilipuse	propn
ewerdil	propn
parweots	propn
mihklepäiwal	propn
panow	propn
weide	propn
sarwe	propn
kuprianow	propn
waher	propn
sawostkinale	propn
woldemar	propn
alweas	propn
warrik	propn
walgeristi	propn
wähjale	propn
kiidjärwelt	propn
wallaga	propn
wolmer	propn
wärwi	propn
wallakassaku	propn
sürgawerest	propn
fewdor	propn
gluhkawitsi	propn
alexejew	propn
waga	propn
saharow	propn
wölliga	propn
liiwaku	propn
wõrust	propn
wõrult	propn
ossipowna	propn
antonow	propn
wedleri	propn
ewerti	propn
wilsarile	propn
polakowile	propn
wesmann	propn
kulikowid	propn
mõtsawaht	propn
turwast	propn
wõsol	propn
malkow	propn
taradow	propn
urgaw	propn
jõhwik	propn
liwatile	propn
järwe	propn
wana-koiolast	propn
woitkal	propn
kurwitz	propn
moisawallitsusse	propn
wäike-weerksu	propn
madwe	propn
liwämagi	propn
kalew	propn
wannamois	propn
leschnew	propn
kawwildast	propn
kromonowi	propn
watopähile	propn
annikow	propn
watt	propn
lepwaltzil	propn
woiwot	propn
waltsohn	propn
wolli	propn
iwwask	propn
weikse	propn
zogewer	propn
waldner	propn
warres	propn
wallakassaka	propn
widriko	propn
writs	propn
woiman	propn
kulow	propn
madawer	propn
artamonow	propn
nemtzewa	propn
wõõps	propn
wierale	propn
wiljusele	propn
wohler	propn
liiwamägi	propn
kisselauwa	propn
kolpakow	propn
wacht	propn
wojeikowile	propn
dawite	propn
nemwaltz	propn
sawik	propn
wölmünder	propn
wakki	propn
kahkwa	propn
writsi	propn
liiwamäega	propn
rawel	propn
wunkil	propn
kaebataw	propn
kurillow	propn
wiilina	propn
iwask	propn
mussarohw	propn
wintile	propn
wassu	propn
wölmönder	propn
petrepäiwani	propn
turwas	propn
plesangohwile	propn
wennesaar	propn
reinwald	propn
waskale	propn
sohwi	propn
koslow	propn
oraw	propn
kragowitsiga	propn
ilwesse	propn
saarjärwelt	propn
alweur	propn
wänn	propn
kaiwatawa	propn
päiwale	propn
magilewi	propn
wiidule	propn
wana	propn
sofronow	propn
waldsohn	propn
saweljew	propn
dolgasenow	propn
wana-prangli	propn
rõibakow	propn
keswat	propn
wõiwaku	propn
järwepa	propn
pärsikiwwi	propn
lukkewalla	propn
gromowile	propn
nemwaltzi	propn
wössa	propn
wilipsonile	propn
kohto-lawwa-tek	propn
iwwanuwitz	propn
isakow	propn
kiridow	propn
wolmünder	propn
wastsekiwile	propn
ilwes	propn
raaweli	propn
kartohwlit	propn
fruktowile	propn
filatow	propn
weedler	propn
sadownik	propn
antipowi	propn
wöörmündrid	propn
karijarwe	propn
rõischow	propn
kanzweid	propn
kuiwasel	propn
lepwaltzi	propn
wõro	propn
kromonow	propn
wallawanemba	propn
nasarew	propn
perrajerwe	propn
wõõringi	propn
wahhale	propn
matfejew	propn
sagawere	propn
below	propn
liiwakulle	propn
peelowasele	propn
wold	propn
dmitrijewna	propn
weriora	propn
wiik	propn
sukow	propn
orawa	propn
rawli	propn
kondratjew	propn
lawatsi	propn
talwitsel	propn
won	propn
werino	propn
tohwrile	propn
welber	propn
kanzwei	propn
warbuse	propn
sowa	propn
ewale	propn
saadjärwe	propn
surwa	propn
nõwwa	propn
jürripäiwa	propn
awapa	propn
woiwod	propn
wasilil	propn
sawisaarega	propn
alewikus	propn
gustaw	propn
grigorjew	propn
wõru	propn
wastopähe	propn
warimois	propn
willip	propn
nitsikow	propn
wassilal	propn
hoowikohtu	propn
wallawalitsuse	propn
warbusele	propn
warrikul	propn
kurwitze	propn
mõtsawahi	propn
kristuw	propn
lawreti	propn
walitsus	propn
warbuselt	propn
rewold	propn
budasehow	propn
toowli	propn
wares	propn
leppikowi	propn
workontrakts	propn
werk	propn
alwease	propn
waralt	propn
teppakow	propn
plessangohwi	propn
iwanow	propn
liiwale	propn
woorirahhast	propn
wersorgungsfonds	propn
rädowere	propn
ween	propn
wõsole	propn
woiwodi	propn
mitrifanowi	propn
palloperrawallitseja	propn
tarwastust	propn
wilhel	propn
waitk	propn
rawelli	propn
wättinge	propn
kodawand	propn
wastse-kuustest	propn
titischew	propn
loow	propn
wölmündre	propn
wõigand	propn
wocki	propn
koslowi	propn
willemuse	propn
wiherpu	propn
jürripäewal	propn
mitrofanow	propn
warblanne	propn
anwtotjale	propn
iwwaniga	propn
wingli	propn
karsubow	propn
kihwas	propn
abramowi	propn
bringwelt	propn
järwakandist	propn
domainiwalitsuse	propn
kiselewa	propn
wolkmannil	propn
palkowile	propn
kistuwingil	propn
wekkmanniga	propn
ewad	propn
lawenti	propn
saawet	propn
kitow	propn
saarweldi	propn
kõiw	propn
wässa	propn
iwanil	propn
janipäiwani	propn
werro	propn
wäike-rõngust	propn
kiwastik	propn
raawel	propn
sowik	propn
tawid	propn
kiwisild	propn
warunile	propn
orrawal	propn
kristuwi	propn
maksimowil	propn
weski	propn
karijärwe	propn
wantka	propn
liwad	propn
wiljus	propn
warnjast	propn
ristow	propn
wedleril	propn
maggasiwilja	propn
kristuwile	propn
toowlile	propn
wastse	propn
wõssole	propn
wilip	propn
saarwa	propn
wäre	propn
plesangohw	propn
wiilut	propn
liewatile	propn
pawelile	propn
jürripäwast	propn
wörmüder	propn
wörstri	propn
wirre	propn
palkowi	propn
pallawallast	propn
kõiwol	propn
wak	propn
kawwilda	propn
kärrewerre	propn
wända	propn
iwan	propn
sahkarohw	propn
wunk	propn
waeste	propn
waherile	propn
wennad	propn
willemson	propn
worsitze	propn
lepikow	propn
wallawaneme	propn
mitrisanow	propn
jakowlewi	propn
kurwits	propn
belowi	propn
wank	propn
kawasto	propn
wöhma	propn
juannowa	propn
awik	propn
wärwa	propn
soonwaldi	propn
weebe	propn
tehwan	propn
wiktor	propn
wammusele	propn
hamkowi	propn
starikohw	propn
wene	propn
wärwole	propn
wäike-rõngu	propn
parwe	propn
walgutan	propn
kaagwerest	propn
wogel	propn
wöllile	propn
saarwelt	propn
wõssule	propn
winkli	propn
spiridonow	propn
narruskowile	propn
sawostkin	propn
wilhelm	propn
willandil	propn
wasiljew	propn
wiltman	propn
köiwa	propn
kurnossow	propn
marjapäiwani	propn
wastopä-ado	propn
wassus	propn
sonwaldile	propn
wilde	propn
kõiwu	propn
moisawalitsuse	propn
winterfeldt	propn
kiidjerwelt	propn
petrow	propn
taewerest	propn
kaewano	propn
tehwanile	propn
duhow	propn
iesnohwil	propn
mustwe	propn
makarjew	propn
wriess	propn
wesile	propn
tähkwere	propn
liiwatile	propn
ahwener	propn
waskele	propn
jürripäiwal	propn
walla-	propn
wõsso	propn
wedi	propn
kustaw	propn
politanowi	propn
jörgewitze	propn
wöölmünder	propn
widiko	propn
wanger	propn
tihhanowile	propn
sürgawere	propn
tihwanowna	propn
järrelseiswa	propn
eewa	propn
gluchowi	propn
feodorow	propn
weesweer	propn
timofejew	propn
woitka	propn
eesseiswa	propn
wanamõisal	propn
kiwimihkli	propn
wastopäh	propn
kihwase	propn
rebowoitra	propn
parweotsa	propn
werno	propn
kurillowil	propn
wasiljewna	propn
jaanipäiwal	propn
welli	propn
walla	propn
trihwanowna	propn
kanewere	propn
werri	propn
wedeleri	propn
wammusse	propn
wasseljew	propn
peihwelt	propn
woha	propn
tehwanil	propn
pannowi	propn
woogli	propn
astawere	propn
wastemõisa	propn
wissel	propn
dolgaschew	propn
tähkwerrest	propn
skowohodow	propn
wanamois	propn
alatskiwil	propn
lepwalzi	propn
wana-koiolas	propn
iwanowa	propn
wõssud	propn
waikse	propn
raweli	propn
pawel	propn
madwi	propn
artamow	propn
messangohw	propn
smirnowi	propn
suwwel	propn
sadownikale	propn
elisawetal	propn
well	propn
wolmre	propn
tohwriga	propn
wakkamaade	propn
kolpakowi	propn
kurwitzeda	propn
kuslowi	propn
kussarohw	propn
wikkati	propn
tehwani	propn
liiwakuga	propn
antipow	propn
wassilale	propn
päiwa	propn
sergeijewi	propn
adwocat	propn
weedlerile	propn
ollew	propn
wellest	propn
wallawannem	propn
lewol	propn
alaweer	propn
zögewerri	propn
jeršewile	propn
ikorahodow	propn
wiiki	propn
wassila	propn
mironow	propn
wõrule	propn
wöllise	propn
budaschow	propn
lepsiwad	propn
ludwig	propn
willemiga	propn
jefimow	propn
naruskowi	propn
weedleril	propn
wirrole	propn
wasseri	propn
willakin	propn
soonwald	propn
wedlerist	propn
waab	propn
alatskiwi	propn
sawisaar	propn
andrejew	propn
loowile	propn
anukwrijewi	propn
eichwaldi	propn
afonasjew	propn
wanast	propn
wiilipus	propn
wirkhausenil	propn
wore	propn
walge	propn
peatskiwi	propn
kõiwal	propn
wöörmündre	propn
wõitra	propn
liiwakud	propn
kudraschowa	propn
dolgaschewile	propn
kristuwiga	propn
wöörmondre	propn
wöölmundri	propn
willem	propn
maksimowi	propn
widrikulle	propn
wötting	propn
wenemaale	propn
köiwo	propn
kerrikowölmünder	propn
wastopähle	propn
liiwon	propn
wahlbergile	propn
feodorowna	propn
audowa	propn
wahlbergil	propn
kohw	propn
wassilij	propn
liwak	propn
pauwer	propn
wastse-koiolan	propn
wunki	propn
willemi	propn
walle	propn
suhowile	propn
ewertson	propn
karlowast	propn
tsernitschew	propn
fruktowi	propn
nemwalzi	propn
kauwandi	propn
wildfluch	propn
wällise	propn
wiinapuule	propn
wõikmani	propn
wockil	propn
wiljuset	propn
kristuwin	propn
gromowi	propn
sergeijew	propn
daawit	propn
telwe	propn
koslaw	propn
watko	propn
unuschow	propn
kurgwel	propn
suure-weerksu	propn
smirnowile	propn
iwaskile	propn
waressel	propn
wärsile	propn
kaewataw	propn
radowere	propn
liiwimaa	propn
mihklipäiwas	propn
wähk	propn
naruskowile	propn
kõrwe	propn
saweli	propn
samoilow	propn
wuncki	propn
wabras	propn
mikalajewi	propn
jakow	propn
sahkarohwi	propn
wikkat	propn
lõhawere	propn
wohlaga	propn
kiwisillal	propn
kawastust	propn
wilipule	propn
walgutast	propn
öwwi	propn
oudowa	propn
uwwe	propn
wan	propn
ulanow	propn
keswi	propn
waltsoon	propn
sadowtschik	propn
wallitsuse	propn
wastopähile	propn
kulikowi	propn
tschernitschewi	propn
kogokonnawanemb	propn
liwamägi	propn
waramöist	propn
zwetkow	propn
koiw	propn
woimann	propn
wõsule	propn
waabile	propn
sarw	propn
willik	propn
kihwa	propn
weerksu	propn
wejan	propn
lepwalziga	propn
hawa	propn
wissusti	propn
tow	propn
skaratumow	propn
jegorow	propn
krawi	propn
kewwade	propn
kõrw	propn
scaradumow	propn
iwwaskit	propn
dawet	propn
põlwast	propn
wõsse	propn
terrawerren	propn
kondraschow	propn
kõrwo	propn
wõso	propn
saarjärwel	propn
wannamoisa	propn
gluharow	propn
beihweltile	propn
antipowiga	propn
wõhma	propn
weskipois	propn
liwländischen	propn
johhurgawitz	propn
wald	propn
tallwiste	propn
riwesi	propn
wöölmündri	propn
järweperra	propn
kuslowile	propn
werioral	propn
wiilile	propn
kekisehew	propn
jugowa	propn
lepwalz	propn
kondraschowi	propn
afremow	propn
wiiraga	propn
obbesewahhetusse	propn
kündlepäiwal	propn
ewerdi	propn
kusnezowil	propn
madwei	propn
kiwi	propn
walkad	propn
kawandi	propn
nitsikowile	propn
walitsusele	propn
stepanow	propn
moskwa	propn
wangre	propn
weelits	propn
perrajorw	propn
sidarohw	propn
kusmitsew	propn
kiwastikuga	propn
wussakust	propn
wiikil	propn
sawwi	propn
wernu	propn
kaewatas	propn
kärrawerre	propn
wiinapuu	propn
kidjerwelt	propn
snetkow	propn
sergejew	propn
antonowil	propn
wäimela	propn
wolkmanni	propn
parmatsow	propn
walgas	propn
sapantschew	propn
makejewile	propn
wälku	propn
wilmann	propn
löwwe	propn
rõibakowi	propn
saarwale	propn
dawit	propn
willemsonil	propn
wöölmoldre	propn
kurgwelli	propn
walgeresti	propn
wallawanembale	propn
waldo	propn
liwamäega	propn
werewkin	propn
wenemalt	propn
werrewale	propn
leschnewile	propn
tihhanowi	propn
kurgweli	propn
orrawad	propn
waidoweres	propn
woldi	propn
waldson	propn
wilja	propn
wõika	propn
galafejewi	propn
erastwere	propn
woltre	propn
rawendile	propn
willo	propn
tiiwit	propn
wolmril	propn
waste-koiola	propn
nemwalzil	propn
wõõpsut	propn
saweti	propn
alwear	propn
warras	propn
külwmadda	propn
wainoaluse	propn
wassil	propn
antonowi	propn
soonwaldid	propn
waaksil	propn
ewras	propn
wildflusch	propn
polakow	propn
kerrewerre	propn
prasnowa	propn
allatskiwilt	propn
weerloki	propn
kiwwisaar	propn
wikkatiga	propn
kwitung	propn
weltsa	propn
iwon	propn
wällis	propn
wassula	propn
gdowi	propn
waino	propn
wunkist	propn
wohma	propn
raswa	propn
besduhow	propn
inwentaar	propn
wälk	propn
wallisel	propn
wallast	propn
murasenow	propn
jewa	propn
taawitse	propn
kahkwalt	propn
kanzweile	propn
gristow	propn
sonwald	propn
raswale	propn
ahweneri	propn
wadi	propn
wepper	propn
woimanile	propn
wastse-nõo	propn
matweile	propn
warno	propn
wakre	propn
weikese	propn
wöörmöndrile	propn
orrawast	propn
wesi	propn
wabriku	propn
tihomirow	propn
tsernischow	propn
tiwit	propn
sawostkina	propn
onuschow	propn
waldnerile	propn
jakowlew	propn
mihklipäiwani	propn
gluhkawits	propn
wigla	propn
wahha	propn
liwat	propn
wakausi	propn
wöölmöldre	propn
wöölmönder	propn
wosmil	propn
rõikakow	propn
wisse	propn
wlasow	propn
wohlat	propn
tõruwere	propn
ware	propn
waado	propn
gusarew	propn
kiwinitsi	propn
küiwits	propn
wuksil	propn
weskin	propn
sidarow	propn
wõsu	propn
wara	propn
wiljakuga	propn
wosmi	propn
wenne	propn
jõgewa	propn
wölli	propn
nikiferow	propn
wiilo	propn
naelawerest	propn
märtipäiwani	propn
wirkus	propn
gusthaw	propn
wastse-	propn
politanow	propn
liiw	propn
moisawallitsus	propn
lilliweer	propn
kirilow	propn
anuwrijewi	propn
wooru	propn
wismann	propn
petuhow	propn
warlamohw	propn
tarakwere	propn
samsonowile	propn
wiljusse	propn
tallorahwa	propn
wana-	propn
eichwald	propn
mikitjew	propn
wääsa	propn
liwa	propn
kalewile	propn
plessangow	propn
toowel	propn
sahgarohw	propn
sonwaldil	propn
saarweltsi	propn
mõisawalitsus	propn
jerwel	propn
wernot	propn
iwanowi	propn
haslawa	propn
wöörmönder	propn
willemsi	propn
karsubowile	propn
koonga-wõringi	propn
sawastwere	propn
bubnowile	propn
waimastwerest	propn
tiwitile	propn
wottin	propn
mikolajew	propn
wechr	propn
ewert	propn
soonwaldile	propn
witriket	propn
wanke	propn
allow	propn
mihklipäiwal	propn
kõiwle	propn
wilman	propn
antipowile	propn
samsonow	propn
tehwaniga	propn
wiira	propn
wipper	propn
kürwitse	propn
weodor	propn
widike	propn
awalombi	propn
wölmündrele	propn
walitsuse	propn
laweti	propn
koschow	propn
weador	propn
gromowil	propn
eespäiwal	propn
warblane	propn
orlow	propn
tohwer	propn
wakkamaad	propn
kurgwellil	propn
eichwaldt	propn
wällaotsa	propn
werewi	propn
wojeikow	propn
weldmann	propn
parmow	propn
sawiku	propn
waske	propn
reinwaldi	propn
wildfluschi	propn
päiw	propn
wiking	propn
wisnapuu	propn
walla	propn
sawi	propn
naruskow	propn
wammuse	propn
pihkwa	propn
wastemõisast	propn
elisaweta	propn
wallawannemb	propn
starikowi	propn
wärs	propn
wenemaal	propn
kirrilow	propn
